By the year 2100, what euphemisms will have arisen, originated from our generation?  What is your favourite free online game?  What is a good website or app to sell stuff locally in Fort Worth Texas?  Hey, I live in Fort Worth!

And well there's a ton of groups on Facebook where you can sell and trade stuff you own.

Also Craigslist. YouTube is a major source of music but myriad versions exist of the same performance (also covers) and different dilutions (original videos, just lyrics etc) and levels of copyright enforcement and legal battles. What could the way out so all parties get fair treatment?  Guys, how do you "close" when trying to take a girl home?  Clorophorme and tight rope "Does this rag smell like chloroform?" By not pushing. What is the most overused joke on Reddit?  [Serious] Men of Reddit: any tips for getting over public urinal stage fright?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* For what it's worth, no one cares. No one is staring at your dick and no one is listening for your piss. Take deep breaths and relax your stomach. Count to ten.  I believe concentrating on counting vs what's going on around you will help you relax and go with the "flow". People who ferociously honk their horn during traffic jams, what are you trying to achieve?  I'm trying to piss you off so much that you'll post this on Reddit and then I can find your post and tell you to get the fuck out of the way. *Stickin' it to the man* They are just frustrated. Not me but I think they are saying "put down your damn cell phone and fucking drive asshole" What movie did you walk away from feeling dirty?  Lolita (1997)  ...*shudder* The Human Centipede If you replaced the verb of the last sentence you said with the verb to fuck and used that sentence to open your literary masterpiece, what would said masterpiece be about?  I've gotta fuck up the AC this week.

It would be about domestic sabotage. Fuck to what I fucking say!  
  
I'm not sure where this is going, but it might be pretty interesting. [Serious]Firefighters, Policemen, Paramedics, etc. What was the most "Did you seriously just call us here for that" experience you have had?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* What else are they doing anyway? Getting paid for sitting around? For those whose first language was one that didn't use the Latin Alphabet, when did you first learn it? And how often does it appear in daily life?  What do you identify as, sexually?  Counter Strike, and to be honest I find this question to be globally offensive. Straight.. desperate Straight and male. F20, never had a relationship, virgin. Something wrong with me?  possibly. i dont know you so i cant say Is there something wrong with you? No...but hi, its a pleasure to meet you :)

You are just fine, so don't worry. Post a picture and you'll get honest, yet brutal feedback. No, it just means you haven't had a relationship. Think of all the highschool couples that lasted a few months and ended with fights and awkward lunch hours. Where do you think they are today? Probably doing the exact same shit you are. What are the advantages or disadvantages of having night and day during different times for different regions on earth?  This should go to /r/showerthoughts What are some stereotypes to certain dog breeds?  Pitbulls are notoriously stereotyped as aggressive.

Labs and retrievers are known to be loyal.

Jack Russels have a ton of energy. Why majority go for looks and not personality ?  Because the looks draw us in.

Personalities make us stay. Because nobody chooses to stick their dick in intelligence or wit if given the choice. Because we are the product of our ancestors sexual urges, and the 'she has a nice personality' preference/trait got outcompeted by, 'nice rack, I want to get some of that'. I primarily go for personality but they cant be bad looking Sorry to burst your bubble, but... You shouldn't judge a book by its cover but how else are you gonna pick a book off a shelf among hundreds? Because society is superficial and vapid.  Hence the divorce rate. 50/50 for me. You cant separate body and mind. Because it's possible to have both. You have to have some baseline attraction with your partner; if you are not sexually aroused by them then it just won?t work out for a romantic relationship.



And would you really want to be with someone who didn?t find you attractive? Redditors who left their desk job behind to pursue a new path in life, what did you do instead? Has it worked out for you?  People who've had FWB what are some good rules you set up for yourself or each other?  "Friends With Benefits" Am I early for class...?

Don't mind me just gonna take some notes Put friendship before the benefits.


When you start skipping time with other friends to reap the "benefits" of the FWB, it's all downhill. If either of us gets into a relationship, the FWB arrangement is over, no questions asked. 

If either of us developed feelings, tell the other. Don't make it more awkward than it is. Royal Elite Vacation Club under new ownership member opinions?  What's one lie you tell while at work to make the day easier?  When people ask me how I'm doing, I say ok or well pretty automatically It's almost over. I was here, I just forgot to time in or out Yeah I'm almost finished with it I'll have to you in an hour. I love my job and everyone I work for and with, they are great individuals! It's just one more part. I'm busy I keep repeating to myself "I'm going to have a great shift"... That there is actually music playing on my earbuds... It just makes avoiding small talk that much easier. What is your favourite fictional character name?  I love the name "Random Task" in Austin Powers. Harley Quinn Richard Harrow Frank Burly Negasonic Teenage Warhead. Pussy Galore Char Aznable It's a tie between Tyrael and Dak'kon. Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, the first of her name, Queen of the Andals, the Rhoynar and the First Men, Queen of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, the Unburnt, Mother of Dragons, Breaker of Chains, Queen of Meereen, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea.

Y'know, just rolls off the tongue Billy Pilgrim Anathema Device Based on one singular skill/trait, why would NASA put you on the team when they plan to colonize Mars ?  Because if their is a chance of it going bad, no need to waste a good life, just use mine! I'm good at baseball trivia "this guy fucks" Little people/Dwarves/People of Short Stature/Midgets of reddit - how do you feel about the word 'midget'?  I've really been curious about this for a long time. I honestly really never got the aversion to the term 'midget'. It never seemed to me like diminishing or derogatory, and I'd have to say that 'little person' really sounds to me a good deal worse. It's kind of an unwieldy term, and when else to people use the word 'little'? Usually when they're talking about puppies or toddlers or caterpillars, tiny, cute, little things usually, right? Can someone help me understand what is wrong with 'midget'? Can someone help me understand why polite society seems to have agreed on 'little' and not 'small person' or 'short person'? What is the cringiest thing you have ever seen?  https://thepsychologist.bps.org.uk/sites/thepsychologist.bps.org.uk/files/psychosurg52.jpg When Obama glitched while trying to attack Mr. Trump. My face cringed into an anus. What is something that never ceases to amaze you?  How loud my younger brother can fart. Oh and mountains, they're very pretty. Human stupidity. What is the most unbelievable thing you got away with?  Ha! Nice try copper, thought you'd get me to admit the time I stole that balloon on Free Balloon Day. People with Trichotillomania, how do you deal with it? How did you overcome it? What gets you to stop?  what mistake have you made that you wouldn't have made 10 years ago?  putting diesel in a petrol car? (I couldn't drive 10 years ago) What professions can't you have for being too tall or too short?  astronauts and submariners can't be too tall. Being Too Short means you can collaborate with both 2Pac and Biggie Jockey's can't be too tall.

Basketball pro's can't be too short. What is a poem about your life?  Haikus fucking suck

Who even likes these shit bags

If you do, you suck Haikus are

Things are going well this year

Here we go again Wow /u/davoel and /u/birbqueen have a lot in common. What takes the most effort but receives the least reward?  Most careers. Staying virgin. Space travel. Video games. I love 'em but they're a waste of my time and a pain in my ass. All I want to do is beat them, and when I do there's nothing left for me to accomplish and the game just sits there on the shelf. Have you ever been mistaken for a porn star? If so, who?  Moore Dicker When do you think ignorance is really a bliss?  Not getting endings of books or TV episodes spoiled It is, until people realise the repercussions of that ignorance. forgetting about a long weekend until someone tells you on friday "see ya tuesday" What are some signs someone is deeply disturbed?  They say "I am disturbed deeply There is a certain forced smile i can't describe, but you know it when you see it. They continually ask question on r/AskReddit and post no where else. What are some books you have read to have a deep meaning?  Dune The reluctant messaiah, J.l seagull, the bhagavad gita, anything cyberpunk, blah, blah, the list is endless really. Siddartha by Herman Hesse

Watership Down by Richard Adams

Tea with a Black Dragon by R. A. MacAvoy

The Neverending Story by Michael Ende

The Coleman Barks translations of the poetry of Rumi, the Sufi mystic. How hard can you suck?  About as much as this topic Sofa king hard. Can't succeed if you don't suck seed. Stronger than a black hole S U C C What is the worse timed Nose Bleed you've ever got?  In a fight - because you have to show no weakness. You're gunna get alota "going down on a girl" sorties...yeah.... Keep telling yourselves *that's* what it was.... On top during sex. 

In martial arts training. While trying to explain to my wife that I hadn't done any cocaine since college. This is a true story. When you say "going to sleep", are you saying it like "going to Chicago", or "going to fart" ?  Fart.  It's something I'm doing, not somewhere I'm going. What? Fart. Both I... you've  stumped me here Excuse me? Going to Chicago. When I "go to sleep", you bet your ass I'm on Reddit in my bed instead of actually sleeping Chicago. It makes more sense the other way, since it's an act rather than a place, but I always use the Chicago intonation. Chicago. "I'm gonna sleep" sounds weird to me. Teens of Reddit, What is your method of getting rid of pimples and blackheads?  I find apple cider vinegar works really well for ridding yourself of pimples. It seemed to work well for me in the past. Sandpaper. Normally I light my face on fire. Seems to work pretty well most of the time.



Otherwise, sauna, charcoal mask, and a good moisturizer, in that order, twice a week. I went to a dermatologist and was  pre-scribed with Isotrex which has had the best results. I wouldn't even try bothering with home remedies as they never worked for me. [Serious] What is your near death experience?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I was on my way to a school function and slid on black ice. My car went down a ravine and flipped the whole way down (71 feet). Among the process of flipping, I dislocated a shoulder, tore my bicep, cracked my head open, had glass everywhere in my skin, and broke a finger. I then had to wait 40 minutes for the ambulance to arrive. During this period of waiting, I started to go into shock. I then started to lose vision and become very sleepy. I think this would have to be my closest experience to death besides my appendix exploding. Allergic reaction to something caused me to pass out on the highway while driving. I woke up with the back end of a semi truck through my front windshield and seven inches from my face I was on the back of my dad's bike when we put it down. going downhill. I got up, and saw a pick up headed at me, then i heard my father telling me to run to the side of the road. Broke my wrist, his thumb and shoulder. road rash for all! oh and my dumb ass was wearing a t-shirt because "it is too hot for a jacket". i was 13. Wild night, one thing let to another. It was dark, myself and a couple of buddies were waddling down the street to get back home. No street lights. Massive truck comes bolting through about 50 over the speed limit. Friend of mine notices and pulls me into the bushes out of the way last second. Got scratched up by the bushes and skinned (not literally) by the truck. Worth it. Would've died 110%. Owe my friend my life. Misconception deception: what is something that people think is a commonly-believed misconception, but actually isn't?  What are your favorite underrated bands or musicians?  Townes Van Zandt AVAIL [Hop Along](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36O-GEk1DCc) Frances Quinlan is one of my favorite singers, her voice isn't really polished or even that pleasing at times, but she just comes with this just visceral intensity and raw edge that is captivating. 

edit: fixed the link ODESZA Anberlin

I own all of their albums, and there is truly not a single song that I will not listen to when it comes up on my ipod.

They had a few songs that made the airwaves, but I think they were seriously underrated. Ratatat

and also Oasis(if you leave out wonderwall) They actually have some pretty rocking stuff that isnt shit What celebrity crush did you have that you look back and wonder why?  I used to be wildly in love with Jennifer Aniston but now I think she was the second hottest one on friends, after Courtney Cox Lydia from Beetlejuice. Both cartoon and movie. Except I've never asked why, only my girlfriend has. When I was a teenager, I had a huge crush on Olivia Wilde. I saw her in the tv series The O.C, she was playing a character called Alex who hooks up with the girl protagonist. I was incredibly drawn to their on screen relationship but thought nothing much of it.

Six years down the road I've since came out of the closet. Looking back, it made sense why I was into her. Paris Hilton. No idea what I was thinking. Sigourney Weaver....couldn't explain it then, can't explain it now. What is your worst job interview experience?  This current job I have. It's a summer only job but the interview was so dumb. They had like 12 of us in a room playing fucking games for a couple of hours. Totally forgot I had an interview. Had a black pleather jacket and jeans with a golf cap. They called me asking if i can come in earlier. I panicked and realized i hadn't even shaved that day. I look like a mess.I think interview went well. Didn't get the job though. I knew the interviewer.  She was someone I used to kinda hang out with, and saw through my usual 'faking it' interview answers.  Total bomb. First interview was awesome, got a second.  Second interview,  wore heels, was late,  then the interviewer said something about commission rates. I had no idea it was on commission. Interview kinda stopped right there.  I just got my stuff and then tripped on my way out. Woke up extra early, got dressed in my suit. 
Drove about an hour to the interview. Walked all throughout the building to a higher floor. 

Got to the office I needed to go to...was about to knock on the door......had an anxiety attack and left. 

Told family interview went "great" If there was 1 discontinued food or drink you would want back on grocery store shelves, what would it be?  Surge. Shaqs soda Crystal Pepsi, alternatively New Coke. Dunkaroos [ORBITZ!](https://67.media.tumblr.com/1c7c770fda287139e44b6d6cc66dc38d/tumblr_nxuy68cTKd1uoew7wo1_1280.jpg) Jello pudding pops Mars Delight. The original Whatchamacallit candy bar. Frank's Red Hot Thick!

/thread over The Middle Class stuff. What was the best decade and what made it great?  I'm always going to argue "the next decade is the best decade" just because there's so many amazing things we learn and discover all the time. 1950s, need i say more? The 90... really any time before 9/11 in the US. The internet revolution was happening and everything seemed like it was going our way ! Economic boom! Grrr.. It would seem the best decade is the one 2 decades previous to the one you are currently in. for whatever reason... The Late 2010's and early 2020's are going to be great because President Trump. What do you listen to when you're working out?  The screaming of my muscles. Podcasts. Lately, Welcome to Nightvale The Receiving End of Sirens - Between the Heart and the Synapse 

Never found a better album to work out to, especially cardio. Whatever my ex listened to.

I'll show you, Stacy. the Flatliners Rage Against The Machine Jon Bellion, just everything Jon Bellion. Honestly, whatever happens to be on my playlist, which ranges from Frank Sinatra to country to Kanye. What is a guilty pleasure that you don't publicly acknowledge?  Sometimes I like to look at women's clothing stores online and pick out outfits.

I'm a dude. I don't know why I even do this. Masturbating with stolen cheese. Other than /r/circlejerk, what is the circlejerkiest subreddit?  The_donald obviously s4p /r/SquaredCircle  and /r/fo4 r/askreddit. r/politics r/gaming This one Any recommendations for good telescopes to take pictures of nebulae, galaxies, etc..?  I find the Hubble gives me really good results. /r/astrophotography would probably be the best place to ask. Guys who've had a vasectomy, are there any downsides to it, if you freeze your sperm beforehand?  Just be sure to spend the extra money and have it done by a professional Your sack will be sensitive to even very mild jarring for about a year. Even something like jogging will make them ache. Not necessarily painful but achy. Like a mild headache. I didn't freeze my sperm beforehand, so I can't say anything about that part.

But, as a whole, it wasn't bad. The procedure itself was fine. You're pretty numb and you can't see anything. 

Sore for a couple days and sensitive for another couple weeks. I wouldn't recommend riding a bike or anything for like a month or so.

I'd do it again if I had to. Not worrying about having kids is a fantastic thing. The smell of burning flesh. I drove myself to the operation, then drove myself home. Best $300 I've ever spent (insurance covered the rest). Mild pain for about a week. 3 kids, no need to freeze. Have any of you noticed any change in sex drive/ stamina afterwards? Who are the most entitled people in the world?  The children of the rich. Privileged kids. Women

*POINTS IN THE PAINT* Millennials. Period. Teen celebrities As a few have already pointed out, millennials are incredibly entitled. I think it has to do with the fact that most millennials have lived a life being supported by their parents/family well into their 20s, even 30s. It wouldn't be surprising that that kind of life would cause millennials to develop a sense of unwarranted entitlement. Imagine having everything being provided to you for over 20/30 years without having to work for it or pay for it; you would feel like f'n nobility. Millennials and liberals. As a millennial...millennials... What do you bring on a road trip?  Money. Lotsa money. A rich friend. Music

Beef Jerky

People 

Books

Podcasts

Maps The ashtray, the remote control, the paddle game, and this magazine, and the chair. Plastic tarpolean, shovel, duct tape, and 100 lbs of like. Cheez its. A hat. Good friends, every Pink Floyd album, a cooler full of beer and Mike's Hard Lemonade, ski boots, jackets, Ruffles, trail mix, and cream soda. Redditors of the world, what food/meal reminds you of home?  Nothing says Western Canada like a tray of Nanaimo Bars. Deep fried pizza Potato salad. Pot roast, home fries, pork n beans Beef Kudu, it's a chamorro dish. My dad would always make it for me when I was little.

Egg sandwhich on my mom's side. She'd always make it for me after school Chicken Pot Pie. And not what you heathens call chicken pot pie, I'm talking Pennsylvania Dutch style. Moose flank smothered in poutine and maple syrup. What's your preferred method for blowing off steam or releasing pent-up anger?  Of course, Drugs! Running www.playrust.com    I channel my aggression in that game, and it's wonderful. Rub one off...works every time In this order: Fishing, Dank memes, shit posting, lifting heavy Gaming. Fighting Screaming randomly for no reason at no one or nothing Stewing in silent agony on the couch. I don't recommend it to others Drums Cheeseburger Any health website that reddit recommend?  Mayo clinic or NIH. (Nat'l Institute of Health) Anyone that says "don't ask the Internet, idiot. Go talk to a doctor" What is your "I'll never get used to this" thing?  Goat eyes. 'President Donald Trump'. tinnitus. although, i actually did end up getting used to it. it just takes a lot of time. What would immediately happen if the moon crashed into the Earth?  We Dead We die. Huge tidal waves I'd use a sick day I might need to get out of bed for once The surface of the Earth would instantly melt, the shock wave would kill everything, but earth would get a new ring. A strangely happy man with a bag of masks would ask: "You've met with a terrible fate, haven't you?"

You will then shortly be returned to the dawn of the first day. Obviously long term it would be bad, but upon collision with the moon, would people on earth be flung through the air in relation to the collision? Sort of like being on a boat as its rammed by another boat. This:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thundarr_the_Barbarian

"Earth is reborn in a world of "savagery, super-science, and sorcery" Doom. You die, she dies, everybody dies. You die! I die! Every bardy die! We would most likely die by the heat the Moon causes on the atmosphere just by compressing it. Then all the fun debris and earthquakes can cause havoc on our remains. [Serious] Removing Un-blockable Ads?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Hello, I have been browsing recently the past few days, and I have found that ALL of my browsers have this onClick ad popup software thing, and it is annoying and impossible to block, despite the adblock extension, manually blocking all websites, and even modifying the computer settings. Almost every time I click with the mouse on a website, it will redirect to another page and open like 2 other pages. If that wasn't bad enough, it makes all of my browsers lag on certain pages. I don't mean by slowing down, I mean like literal FPS Drops. Whenever I try to play any type of game, or even just visit a certain website, the FPS will drop to about 0.001 FPS, making it nearly impossible to do anything, like click a navigation button or scroll down (Even when it does finally load, it will open like 20 advertisements.) I have even used windows defender to Full Scan my pc and try to remove anything, but despite all my efforts, it isn't helping. Does anyone have an idea on what could be causing this and how to remove it. I want this fixed as soon as possible, so any help is appreciated. Thanks in advance. OP, here are instructions to remove it on various browsers:

https://www.fixyourbrowser.com/removal-instructions/remove-onclickads-net-pop-ads-removal-guide/ What's your favorite easy meal to cook?  A grilled cheese sandwich Microwave bacon. If done right Leftovers Penne la tuna Grilled chicken breast and rice. Pancakes Marinated skirt steak on the grill with garlic mashed potatoes. Takes about 5- 10 minutes if you dont include time waiting on the marinade. Eggs sunny and runny with cheese on top. 4 minutes from start to finish. Anything with a boy r d attached to it Pesto scrambled eggs. Mom Doesn't Wanna Cook Soup

1# raw hamburger in 3 qts water,
1 bag frozen mixed veggies,
1 c. Noodles, 1 can tomato juice, 2 beef bouillion cubes,
spices to taste

cook ~1 hr. No prep. What race is Mrs Butterworth?  Maple. Butterian Her character in the ads was black so id say that, or was that aunt juhmyma? Butteriese She's a mammy, so I assume she would be black if she were real. Maplese Glass Golem I think she's mixed. Bovine Skinwalker What's your favorite of the four seasons, and why?  Autumn. So I can wear my usual daily attire of long pants and long-sleeved shirts without getting stares, like I do when it's 110*f outside....and I'm in long pants and a long sleeved shirt. Fall.

- The horrible, oppressive heat ends without bringing in the numbing cold
- I don't have to mow the lawn anymore, plus the leaves turn beautiful shades
- Football comes back
- Children go back to school
- The big eating holidays are around the corner Winter. When its cold, less people visit. It gets dark early, therefore I have an excuse to be a hermit. Autumn! It's just so beautiful and refreshing. Winter. I like sleeping under blankets. (????) Spring, it's still cold but all the plants are lively Frankie Valli.  He was lead singer. Fall...it reminds me of the parts in a movie, when you realize it will end. Summer. Well, mid Atlantic summer. Winter, it's cold, it rains/snows, and there aren't fucking tourists everywhere. winter. Sweet cold relief. I actually get summer depression from being inside so much because i can not stand the heat. Summer because I personally love the beach and wearing shorts and bikinis and sundresses and summer clothes in general. Also, the weather is nice and I take all my vacations during the summer so I look forward to that. summer because it's when all the fun happens: outdoor festivals, games, beach activities, etc. biggest downside is that crime in the big cities tends to increase during the summer too. Springtime, that way you can ski in jeans and a light sweatshirt. Furthermore, spring hiking is the best, you can avoid the crowds of idiots clamoring the mountains, and the oppressive heat as well. Season 4 with the Trinity Killer was pretty good. I love the Four Seasons in Miami because of its location, and it's a newer building. Very posh - plus you're in Miami! Levi Stubbs of course. Vivaldi's "Spring" What's the meanest thing a stranger has done to you?  Poured alcohol and then flour over my head because they didn't like the colour of my skin. I was only 5. When I was 11 or 12, some guy walked past me while saying "ching chong ching chong" because I'm Asian. When I was about 7, I had locked my bicycle up and forgot the combination. I waited for my mother, an older kid stopped and said he could pick the lock for me but then he'd keep the bike. I said no and he slashed the rear tire with a pocket knife.

When I was a kid, say 11 or 12, a group of older kids drove by, stopped and ask where some street was, as I was about to answer them I was pelted with elastic bands.

When I was 23, I purchased a coffee for a vagrant in Vancouver. When I gave it to him he smelled it and threw it at me. He said he wanted booze. Not me but I was with a friend of mine after the St. Patrick's Day Parade in Boston and walked into the train station. I stopped to talk to a girl I knew and out of the corner of my ear I hear "HOLY FUCKING SHIT YOU'RE UGLY BRO," and see your typical Southie Irish guy... about 5'8, chubby, surrounded by two Southie rat girls who he was trying to impress. He was directing this at my friend who was much larger than him, but would never do anything. He tried to shrug it off until the kid said "You're so ugly I'm gonna punch you in the fucking face, bro!"  He was calmed down by the girls, which I think he assumed would happen, and we walked away. Called me a dirty Mexican. Called me a terrorist. Both told me to go back to my country. I'm Indian, born in the US to a legal resident and an American citizen. Bonus, I'm also in the US military. I remember about a decade ago when I was 11, I was at a skate park with my friend and we were having a great time by ourselves trying out tricks and going down ramps. 

Then... all of the sudden a teenager age 16-17 came up to us and started cussing us out, and stole our boards and walked into the indoor part of the skatepark. 

...

We went inside and told him he should give us our boards back, He turned to us and started calling us names and shoved me to the ground... After that he gave us our boards back to go back outside.

As my step dad came to pick us up we told him our experience. All of the sudden my step dad hops out of his truck and goes up to the teenager, and as the teenager is talking to the girl who rents out helmets.. He completely gets in his face and starts yelling in his face. 

God, I will never forget his face. He looked really scared and was forced to apologize to us. I was at a bar with a friend who ran into one of their sorority sisters. The two of them would **not** stand for the subject being changed from Greek Life even though we've been out of school for several years and I was never involved. I went up to the bar to get another drink and said to the bartender "Man, they won't stop with the sorority talk". She looked at me sideways and replied "Oh... are we having a conversation?"... Well, I guess no tip for you. In high school I worked at a summer grill. This old man walks up and asks me where I'm from. When I respond that I'm Korean he goes, "Oh, really? You know, I was over there during the war. I probably bombed the shit outta your grandparents." I ignored him after that but he just kept going. Then he turns to my coworker and goes, "Hey, if I get her to answer me in Korean I get a free burger."

Several years later I had another run-in with the same guy, who clearly didn't remember me. He goes, "Hey, do you speak Chinese?" I responded that no, I didn't speak Chinese, I'm not even of Chinese descent. He proceeds to ignore what I said and tries to speak Chinese to me. Give me a nasty look for being hispanic...

:( Almost kill me.

Idiot almost took me out on the interstate because apparently traffic wasn't moving fast enough (at 80 mph) and decided to go in between two lanes and run me off the road. Some diseased bitch just sneezed all over me When i was 7, i was at the local park. This kid walked up to me and asked if he could borrow my kite, i said sure (i was seven idk). Anyway a few minutes later i realize the kid is gone. Cunt stole my kite.




Or maybe the time this guy once threw m&ms at me in public. Mailman stole my identity.  In early 2000's credit card companies would send checks in the mail saying "write a check on us, we'll bill it to your card." 

Well the mailman stole that mail, wrote the checks to pay off his credit card.  It was pretty easy to track down who did it - but I still had to register with the FBI as having my identity stolen because of mail/fraud/checks being used. If you had the ability to, what would you want to do/experience for the first time again?  First love Moving out of my parents' house for the first time. It was like every door in the world opened up and I had all the freedom I'd ever dreamed of. Now it's been a few years and I would give just about anything for my mom's cooking or the comfort of a well-kept, family-filled, homey suburban house. Catching my first Pokemon.

I'll never experience that excitement again. Gamers of Reddit. What is the funniest game tag/character name you saw in game?  Cherokee Jack My family is a bunch of gamers. Specifically RPGs like dungeons and dragons and pathfinder.

My dad takes more time naming his characters than he does creating them. He researches phrases in other languages, etc.

This one time (and I can't remember what language or character this was), he named him "lenamilk", which meant something like "healer" or "priest" or whatever in some language...

Except we couldn't help but call him lemon-milk.

He eventually just adopted that name. Ive seen so many yet now I can't recall any now. How sad is that Loin loaf
Idk it just makes me giggle What is your favorite opening credits for a television show or movie?  Game of Thrones!  I can usually get a load of laundry in and even make a sandwich and get back right as it's starting up again. Futurama always excites me - but probably because I've learned that the intro means the show is next. I really, really enjoyed the Spectre (007) opening theme. Also, Game of Thrones has pretty catchy music (though I'm not a big fan of the visual tbh)

Spectre: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9LxUQL_Ucg

Game of Thrones: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3vqcbJwgCI [Season 1 of True Detective.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xyu_MdKBXic) Gravity Falls, Avatar: The Last Airbender, and Shingeki No Kyojin Season 1

Normally, if I binge watch series I always skip the opening to pick up the pace no matter how short the opening is, but I make an exception for these three since their openings are really good. It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. It's how they throw that episode title up on the screen after the opening scene. For instance, Dennis is driving the gang to the boat in his non-starter car Range Rover when they see the boat taking off. Dennis then says, "There's no way we're missing this boat.". Starts to drive into the water and BAM, that white font over a black background appears on the screen and the title is "The Gang Misses the Boat." Cue theme song. The A-Team. Deadpool was great Let's see if I can't find something on my [list here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/search?q=opening+credits&sort=new&restrict_sr=on&t=all) What is your interesting fact?  I was dropped on my head as a baby, got a fractured skull and was in hospital for 3 days! 1+1/2+1/4+1/8+1/16+....=2 

However,

1+1/2+1/3+1/4+1/5+1/6+1/7+1/8+...=infinity Human meat, cooked without seasoning, tastes like veal! What was your last "this is the last time I will be doing this in my life" realization?  Crack cocaine is a hell if a drug..i tried it once. It was amazing. I will never do it again. being born My kids are starting to grow up. I am realizing it won't be long until it's the last time I will pick them up. 

I occasionally make my 11 year old pick her up and hold her like a baby. Wanting to be able to remember the last time I picked her up. When a hookup brought me to the ER... After the divorce I promised myself that would be the last time I'd ever get into something like that. at my wedding Mushrooms. Sat in my room watching Finding Nemo... For some reason this made me extremely depressed. Woke up the next morning with permanent marker all over my body. When I had my tubes tied. I kinda cried. I do want more kids someday. Maybe I'll adopt of foster, when I'm a little more stable in life. My son's best friend has four adopted siblings and his parents have devoted their entire lives and savings to build a ranch style community for other families who adopt three or more kids. It's an amazing thing that they are doing and I wish I was in a place to take on more kids. When I had my kid, I knew without doubt it would be my last pregnancy and labour. What's the worst first impression you've made/somebody has made to you?  dated a girl for ehhhhh 3 hours? proceeds to write on a piece of paper and hands it to me, (I was at a religious convention thing... she wrote this over a scripture about Jesus,  it was the program for the thing) all it said was "I'M GOOD WITH MY TONGUE" she proceeds to lick her teeth in a room filled with 3000 people. Btw my parents were sitting right next to me. What is your weirdest deal breaker when dating?  If she can't tolerate my geeky or kinky interests. She doesn't have to completely participate all the time but let me have my interests without giving me shit about it. "I love country music, metal is talentless." If you're shitty to the waitstaff, or even try to justify leaving a shitty tip when the service was deserving of more....just fuck you and don't call me. That was my mom once. If the single guy lives by himself (note: this deal breaker was primarily when I was in college, I got more relaxed on it)

There were just a lot of implications to me - why exactly were they living alone? Even if it's just because they didn't like having roommates, you learn a lot from having them. And when you're essentially looking for someone to be your permanent roommate, having someone with experience being a roommate is nice. At least that's how I framed it in my head.

I also realize that overall, the deal breaker is pretty dumb, but there it is. If you expect Feb 14th to be different than the 13th, we probably won't be together on the 15th. If they can't laugh at themselves. Why don't they just pop a hole in the ozone to let all the global warming out and just patch it up when it's done?  It was tried in 1996 but aliens plugged the hole, aborting us exporting our problems into space. That would disturb the equilibrium of the ionosphere, potentially leaving microtears in the time-space continuum. /r/shittyaskscience Republicans won't fund it. I hope to God this is a joke. What is your irrational fear?  Bridge collapsing as I drive or walk over it Flies. Smug little Bastards, rubbing their hands like that. Atomic war. That one day I'll go to bed and wake up being 10, my entire life has been a dream, everything I've learned is wrong because physics and the universe are differant from what I've dreamed, and everyone I've loved doesn't exist. E.T. I am always afraid he is going to be on my TV or in my house. That I'll be in a situation where I have to choose which one of my kids to save. Vomit. What things are nationally liked that foreigners don't know about?  Nandos??? American or "gridiron" football. The non-metric system. Moon landings. Peanut butter. C'est Pas Sorcier is probably the most beloved TV show in France, and everyone from my generation was addicted to this as a kid, seriously, it is great!

(One of the presenters is even Knight of the L?gion d'Honneur, one of the highest honors one could get in France) What is your personal design flaw?  My belly button is extremely sensitive.  It's essentially my Achilles Heel I show up early, work too hard and am very detail oriented - a perfectionist if you will. My mind treats memories of childhood and what I had for breakfast this morning equally relevant. It's hard to get anything done. I have acne and I'm a grown adult. 

I've tried everything: I'm on a strict skin care regimen, I wash my pillowcases every week, I drink plenty of water, I'm on birth control... yet I still break out. I don't have a design flaw.

I **am** a deisgn flaw. What is the dumbest logic you've ever heard?  A friend who said she believed in free speech, but at the same time, it should be limited to an extent. Flat Earth of course https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4q4na0/why_dont_they_just_pop_a_hole_in_the_ozone_to_let/ Whites can't experience racism because power+prejudice = discrimination not racism. If she weighs the same as a duck, she's made of wood. And therefore, a witch. With the new Pear Shaped Nucleus is it possible to theoretically flip it inside out like a sphere?  Video Link : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_w4HYXuo9M Long term active redditors who slowly became lurkers...why?  What never gets old as it ages?  Honey Good cheese Twinkies Wine Keith Richards Music lovers of Reddit: What song or album affects you the most emotionally and Why?  OK Computer by Radiohead

Listened to this album a lot while going thru depression and tried to kill myself to the song No Surprises

*I'll take a quiet life, a handshake of carbon monoxide* Coincidentally, my two favorite songs are very similar in titles; Dreaming by Kim Soo-Hyun and Dreamer by Ozzy Osbourne. They've both helped me with my anxiety sooooo much and make me cry <3 Nujabes Luv(sic) Part 1-6. It's just an amazing work of art and the songs resonate as a story with me. The music makes me reflect on my past but also reminds me that it's okay as the future can be whatever I want it to be. My Dark Beautiful Twisted Fantasy by Kanye West. Every song is just so perfect in its own way (except for Jay Z's bullshit verse on Monster). Let it Be has this unbelievable power to return me to a state of normalcy. Suffering with anxiety and depression, I can get pretty low at times. When all else fails, I listen to Let it Be and, for at least those 5 minutes, I'm at peace again.

A few songs from Les Miserables make me cry. The first one is On My Own. Not only do I relate to the theme of unrequited love, but also I had a special moment with that song. In choir we had to do solos in front of the whole class in order to get honors credit. Naturally, the object of my unrequited love opted to sing On My Own. I will never forget that moment for as long as I live, I've never heard a thing so beautiful in my whole life.

The second is Valjean's Death/Epilogue. It's just so beautifully written that I can't help it.

I'm a big ol sissy when it comes to les mis and I'm proud of it Dark Before The Dawn by Breaking Benjamin. 

Band had been on hiatus for 6 years yet came back strong. What is a good price for a DJ at a wedding for 3 hours?  That depends completely on the going rate in your particular part of the world, and then on whether the particular DJ you have chosen is excellent, average, or terrible. Just for a little location information: the wedding will be in the New Orleans area for 150-200 people and I am hoping to get an average to excellent DJ. I generally pay $20 a song. Depends. Am I the DJ or am I paying the DJ? What would be the absolute worst way to die?  Being completely immobilized, then having a steel pot full of rats places on the soft of your abdomen.

Slowly the pot would be heated until the rats, compelled into a frenzy of fear, begin to bite and claw to escape. Lava Impaled on a spike. I'd imagine one of the worst ways would be how the prisoner in the Green Mile went, when he got the electric chair without the sponge on his head being soaked. With the top of his head not being wet the current didn't go straight to his brain killing him quickly, so he instead fried to death from the outside in... For me, anything that is certain death, but delayed by a few minutes. Say, driving off of a cliff. It's just enough time to fully realize you're about to die, but not enough time to come to terms with it. Dehydration

http://www.nationalreview.com/human-exceptionalism/384971/dying-thirst-excruciating-agony-wesley-j-smith starvation 
it seems like a pretty slow way to go Wood chipper. Feet first. Being slowly crushed to death over the course of a day. 

Realising that you are going to day and that there is nothing you can do about it as the pressure on your body slowly increases. All the while hoping that someone will come save you. [Scaphism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scaphism).

> The intended victim was stripped naked and then firmly fastened within the interior space of two narrow rowing boats (or hollowed-out tree trunks) joined together one on top of the other with the head, hands and feet protruding. The condemned was forced to ingest milk and honey, and more honey would be poured on him to attract insects, with special attention devoted to the eyes, ears, mouth, face, genitals, and anus. In some cases, the executioner would mix milk and honey and pour that mixture all over the victim. He would then be left to float on a stagnant pond or be exposed to the sun. The defenseless individual's feces accumulated within the container, attracting more insects which would eat and breed within the victim's exposed flesh, which?pursuant to interruption of the blood supply by burrowing insects?became increasingly gangrenous. The individual would lie naked, covered from head to toe in milk, honey, and his own feces. The feeding would be repeated each day in some cases to prolong the torture, so that fatal dehydration or starvation did not occur. Death, when it eventually occurred, was probably due to a combination of dehydration, starvation, and septic shock. Delirium would typically set in after a few days Skin peeled off then boiled alive. I think that having everyone you love and respect abandoned you, then dying alone of old age and sadness would be pretty harsh. Crush death in a submarine. slowly run over by a steam roller from the feet up [Scaphism](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scaphism)! This method of torture/execution is so gruesome, disgusting, and vile I have a hard time wrapping my head around it and what sick fuck would come up with such a method. Very attractive women... what is your typical day like?  You should demand pics for proof....and for science. Lol if I had to guess, similar to yours, more complements, cat calls, people are nicer, people drop everything to listen to you, if you ask someone for a favor they'll do it....and going out is free and the option to get laid is always there. What's your best "not me, but a friend" story?  What opinion do you have that you refuse to change?  Cargo shorts are great. Trump should not be president. There are a lot of games in the NFL's regular season that are fixed. I dont like avacado. It makes me want to puke. Tobacco products are terrible. You wake up tomorrow with the most useless super power. What is it?  To be able to actually KNOW who farted in the elevator. The ability to talk to dust mites. The ability to see .5 seconds into the future. The ability to turn your body into stone, once. See the winning lotto numbers 1 second before theyre drawn crapping sporks Is there a subreddit for the short music clips using funny clips?  What is a must watch tv show?  The wire The Americans Game of Thrones (hardly the controversial choice I know) Twin Peaks. It has such a surreal feel to it. David Lynch is great. Breaking Bad Bloodline Mr Robot Big Brother Trailer Park Boys None because everyone has different opinions on what they like and what is good. Sherlock
The Blacklist
House of Cards
Family Guy Friends, Seinfeld, and ER, according to NBC in the 90s. Sons of Anarchy The Prisoner (1967-68) Still Game

The Good Wife

The Office (Original UK version) The inbetweeners. Death note. Archer Archer, hysterical, intelligent, and overall a fun ride. Community The office The Sopranos Alf. Star Trek The Next Generation The last ship, TNT Brooklyn 9-9

It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia Justified I love Geordie Shore, it's my guilty pleasure TV show. Coupling The Leftovers might be on the most unique shows I've ever seen. This past season was incredible. It's too bad not many people watch it.

And The Americans is amazing as well. House All of them. Thats how TV shows work. What is the longest you have gone without sleep?  24 hours and I was dying. I need my sleep. 63 hours 36 hours What is a telltale sign that you are looking for telltale signs too much?  You ask reddit You post on reddit about it. That the second I read the title I knew exactly what you meant by "telltale sign" What are the best Rick Rolls Redditors have pulled?  this comment in a thread from the other day

[https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4q4mt5/where_do you _work/d4q3qzd](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) When somebody posted saying that after so many years, YouTube had taken down the Rick Roll video. i put a link to the video in my co workers presentation What are your weird (or not so weird) sexual kinks?  I am so turned on by women dressed up for work.

Not so much evening gown, etc. but blouse/skirt/glasses/high heels and doggy style on the conference room table.

Yum. questionable consent Being dominant, spanking, giving anal. Let's just say my GF has wore many metaphorical heads without knowing it. Being fucked in knee high socks would probably be mine You are my sexual kink. I need you. Why aren't you returning my calls anymore? Is your phone broken? I feel like you're avoiding me, but my darling wouldn't do that.  I want to have your babies. I need to. I just don't know if I can live without you in my life. If you left me, I might have to do something regrettable.

Call me :D What is not a fun fact?  You are going to die 2.7 million animals are euthanized in shelters every year. A gama ray burst could kill us all at any moment and we'd never see it comming Everyone who has ever contracted rabies has died from it One day the sun will get so big and hot that our entire planet will be engulfed and life on earth will become extinct. On the bright side that won't happen for billions of years. https://tonymyers.files.wordpress.com/2007/01/saftey-tip.jpg Everything about you and who you are can be damaged by damaging the brain. We're all going to die eventually 105 people die every minute. There are an estimated 35 million slaves, which is expected to grow over the years Michael J. Fox was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 1991. When Dr. Seuss's wide was dying of cancer, he cheated on her. When she finally commited suicide, he married his mistress.

"One bitch, two bitch, dead bitch, new bitch." So, my roommate has plastic wrapped my car and wrapping papered my entire living room, what are some good ways to get them back?  Surprise waterboarding In university we put my room mates key inside a balloon then blew up another 3,000 and put them all in his room but we didn't tell him we had hidden his key... While hes sleeping fill 100 cups or so up with water then line them all around his room where he can't get out of bed or go to the door without spilling most of them https://i.imgur.com/hpsWUnRl.jpg Set him on fire. MURDER Fill their shoes with water and put them in the freezer. Pee on them while they are sleeping so they think they are wetting the bed. Nothing. Don't even acknowledge what he did. That alone should get to him after a couple of days. Then, when opportunity arises, remove the bottom drawer of his dresser. Place newspaper wrapped raw fish in the bottom cavity and replace the drawer. Carry on as if nothing happened. Ever so slightly unscrew all of the light bulbs for items that he belongs, and continue doing this every time he replaces them. If you are willing to spend a bit buy a weather balloon and inflate it in their room. There are two ways this is amusing 1. A room full of a weather balloon is funny. 2. Weather balloons are coated with talcum inside. Have them arrested. Put baking soda or glitter or pocket change on top off his/her ceiling fan. Makes for a nice surprise when turned on. File a police report and sue them for destruction of property. What's the most misleading way you can describe your hobby?  Destroying my own body, forcing it to heal, and then repeating in order to change it. I have lots of pictures of different people on my computer and I will study the way their body looks so as to memorize it thoroughly. I sit for hours hitting bits of plastic with my fingers while staring at a bunch of LEDs I enjoy showing lots of other people how much fun I can have on a video game. It's all about thrusting long, powerful phallic objects as hard as you can and hoping your protection doesn't break. I test lotion products, secretly, all alone in my apartment. I try to stomp on kids and knee them in the chest.
Super smash bros I like to collect trimmings from different gardeners.  Then I dispose of said trimmings. Handling a stick as fast as I can while often out of breath Sometimes I put rape^^seed oil on unborn birds and once they are warm enough I gorge myself. Pretending to kill people and steal their shit I just love grabbing her by the neck and slapping the fuck out of her.

I'm a bassist. Destroying and vandalising public property, sound pollution and being a potential danger to people all around you.

Skateboarding by the way. Capture dangerous wild animals, force them to breed, and use the offspring to violently attack children's beloved pets. Pokemon. I know this is mean question but I think it has some merit. Why do fat people love Disney?  What merit could this question possibly have? I'm assuming this question is made during or just after a trip to Disney World.

It isn't that fat people love Disney, it's that you are actually seeing a large cross section of people, and a lot of them are fat.

That's like me asking "Why do fat people love six flags?" For the same reasons everyone else does. All those cute delicious talking animals. It's like a singing all you can eat buffet Because they are brainwashed by mass media & Disney parks don't actually sell healthy foods It's not a mean question, it's just a mistaken question. Some fat people love Disney. Some fat people hate Disney. Some skinny people love Disney. Some skinny people hate Disney. Your question is based on a false assumption. For the same reasons skinny people love Disney. * More people are fat than you realize
* In a crowded amusement park you are impacted more directly by fat people (being slow, taking up lots of space, etc.)
* Disney makes huge accommodations for fat people (lots of rascals) What are you attempting to perceive?  The 4th dimension. I just can't imagine what it would look like... HAHA The meaning of this question. What is the biggest thing that ever got blamed on you, even though you had nothing to do with it?  what is your biggest regret in life ?  Not going to college Wasting my time with toxic people. That I never learned an instrument,I smoked for 9 years and I waited until 24 to start travelling and didn't go when i was 19 Being part of a country that 52% of doesn't understand the benefits of being in the EU. Not brushing my teeth. A white crane with a 3 and a half foot wingspan.

No wait, that was my biggest Egret... Not reenlisting in the Marines back in 1997 not paying more attention to math class... Being a jock douchebag in high school. I was secretly into D&D and Magic Cards... but was afraid of what it would do to my street cred as a popular hockey player. 

So dumb. Luckily I ditched that in college and embraced my geekery. Come to find out, lots of fellow jocks were actually closet geeks. We actually would invite our more outwardly geeky friends into the locker room before games to knock out a couple games of Magic before we went out and played DI hockey. It was awesome. To be honest, I wish I'd had sexual experience before I got married. Not taking school seriously. Leaving the HVAC/Plumbing trade instead of transferring from commercial to residential when I was 18. I'm now 32 and I can't find an apprenticeship that accepts less than 2 years of experience. If I would have switched I'd be making bank right now and probably have my own company. Not traveling more when I was younger. It seems most people here including myself regret NOT doing things. Mart Twain was right. Not transitioning 20 years ago. Not sleeping with Amanda when I had the chance. The thing you do least well is now your profession. What do you do for a living?  I'm a porn star. social interaction Emperor of the Known Universe.  DON'T vote for me. Listen to my wife. Apparently. Ugh... 

Java Programmer. 

It's also the job I currently have now. :( Janitor. What job involves dealing with morons calmly? Shit I guess I'd still be working at my current job, according to my boss. Chef, lol. I fix cars. Lmao.  (Ima girl) I'm a mathematician. I'm a math teacher Housekeeper for sure. Ovulate Stay awake in meetings. Drummer. Olympic runner, nerve damage had made it difficult to walk never mind run. Professional sleeper The year is 2116 and a Reddit post reads "TIL that ...X... until the 20Y0s". What do you predict for thing <X> and decade <Y> that gets that post to the front page?  TIL that England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland were united as one country until 2016. I have a headache. TIL taking  Nude photographs for friends to see on social media  and sharing their nude bodies with each at social gatherings were not generally a common thing until 2030 TIL that people in the 2000's used to prank their friends by sending them fake articles and links that would redirect them to the music video for the 1987 hit, "Never Gonna Give You Up," by Rick Astley. What food or drink sounds good but is actually disgusting?  vanilla extract Chamomile. Sounds delicious. Underwhelming at best Anything with Aleo Vera. It tastes like soap yet people put it in their drinks Pop tarts. Sorry. Turkish delight Spotted Dick. What's the most attention seeking behavior you've ever witnessed?  An ex girlfriend grinding on me and flashing her tits at me to get my attention away from.... The other ex... girlfriend. This girl I went to school with went around telling everyone in our year group that she had been raped and that she was pregnant but too scared to talk to anyone about it. We were 13 at the time and soon found out she'd made the whole thing up for attention. Eating a frube then spitting it out pretending it was vomit My friend lied about having depression, anxiety, about being raped, about her dad beating her mum, I believed her, I comforted her, I called the police on her dad because I was scared for her wellbeing, when it all came out it was a lie, she was scared she was losing her friends, Safe to say I don't have much contact with her anymore Who was the last person you saw in the "zone", and what were they doing?  Me, a high stakes game of risk. in a caffee a guy talking to himself and making computer notes ,it would be easier to stop time to cross space,just fold it.......no idea if he was high,riting a book or what but he could have been completely alone in there he was so focused.
Keep thinking about it in the shower lol What are some children's chapter books that actually have a deeper meaning?  I suppose it depends on how pretentious you want to be. Unless you mean an intended deeper meaning What hints do you give for a booty call to leave?  "I'm getting kinda tired/sleepy" "Your work here is done". Make yourself breakfast but not them "It's time for you to go." Shit the bad. No one stays after that. Take a longer than usual shower I thank him for his services and call him an Uber. No hints needed. Say you have to go out and start changing in front of them. By then they should be getting ready to leave.. Turn off the lights, the TV, pull the main breaker, go to the bathroom and lock the door and take a shower. The year is 2020. World peace has been achieved and everyone on earth is healthy and content. You turn on the TV to watch the news. What are they reporting?  [Something like this.](https://i.imgur.com/kE7vaZ0.jpg) Probably some new achievement in the sciences or something like that. Or it's just a global broadcast to remind us all everything is just fine. The Aschen drug causes sterility. The Uk has sent 20,000 potatoes to France just to say HI probably still the Kardashians. "Eyyy, it's Jeremismo Memedeath, your host of channel...uhh.....3 news and well, the only news we have is....we're running out of business because there's nothing evil to report on....i doubt anyone is even watching but...but, Jennifismo, sweetheart, if you're watching....if i lose this job, i'm afraid we'll have to divorce. I'm not qualified for any other job, so...could you, like, start WWXIII or something? Could you just, you know, casually start the next ISIS so i and my other news crewman can make money? We really need it, after all, i don't think your job as a hooker would suffice, as everyone nowadays is in a healthy relationship, so please, i beg you....." Natural disasters, environmental catastrophes, vehicle crashes, animal attacks, industrial accidents, threats to the stability of our new way of life, and particularly cute videos of kittens. People are offended that they have nothing to be offended by and are thus rioting causing others to be offended which I'm turn caused protests to end the precious protests as there is now something to be offended by. Well since I'm over 8 years old I'll be out riding my bike not watching the news Celebrity gossip most likely. Or lesser news, like anniversaries of important dates and whatnot. [Serious]How do you, your family, peers and community feel towards Islam, immigration and current politics?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I know this may turn out to be a major flame war and that is not my intent. I would just like to see honest feedback instead of media misinformation regarding the state of the world.  If possible,  please include your nationally and respect everyone's right to an opinion.  You are not going to win an Internet argument and this is a very contested topic. Thank you all for sharing your thoughts. Islam is just like any other religion, you've got the crazies and the normies. Everyonce and a while it gets unbalanced attention. 

Immigration- I love immigration, I encourage immigration but it has to be done legally. I have no simpathy for those who come and stay illegally.

Current politics-  Worse shit show I've ever experienced, but then again I haven't been around for long. It's not surprising considering how wonky our social culture has become. 

My family- All over the place on each one of these things Yeah this thread is gonna be real civil. 

Personally i hate Islam, it is a religion of violence and hate, like the other Abrahamic religions, but those have been neutered. Islam has not.

I think that building a wall, and strengthening our Immigration laws in general is a good idea. Those who broke in should be deported as they use up most of the government assistance programs and are not even citizens.

I am an independent, left leaning gun owner, for legalized Pot and prostitution, against the penny, a Mens Rights advocate, and i'd like to think that i back something because it is the objectively right thing to do. I wont be giving my vote to Bernie because i understand how First past the post works, so trump will do. Also i want humans on mars. >Islam

It's a religion. I don't care about it anymore than I care about Christianity. What I care about is the people who practice it using it like Christians...or any other religious group, really, to do things that are not very good.

>Immigration

Make it easier to get in legally. Punish illegals harsher. Stop making it so one sided, and allow people from all over the world an easier way in, but still demand a level of assimilation into our culture. 

>Current Politics

We have a Republican Congress and a more Liberal leaning Supreme Court. Our president won't matter.

>My family/friends

We don't talk about any of this. My dad recently told my mom about my sister: "I would be happy for her to marry any kind of decent guy - doesn't matter if he's rich, poor, funny, serious, French, Indian, or whatever.. but for god's sake, no Muslim". Guess that makes him an almost politically correct redneck Throwing 20% of the world's population into the same category doesn't work as well as some people might hope. People suck everywhere you go, and there are good people everywhere too. We don't talk about it.  I try my best to keep it that way. Not from America, so I couldn't answer about the latter two.

Personally, I have no hate on Islam, nor love. Islam is my country's official religion, despite we're being a secular state in constitution. 60% of the population is made up of Muslims, and here are my thoughts.

Average Muslim in my country are peaceful and can co-exist with others. They do try to preach the religion to you whenever it is possible, but Allah seems to have no power for me.

When you question them about Islamic terrorist group like IS, they would say "Islam is a peaceful religion, we do not encourage violence against others", but if you ask them to condemn terrorist groups, they won't. Kinda weird if you ask me.

Recently, radical Muslims in my country are trying to tie religion with politics, which is kinda shit because everything a non-Muslim do, can be interpreted as challenging the special position of Muslims and Islam in the country.

Long story short, average Muslims are like average Christians, peaceful and live together with each other. However, there will always be black sheep in every religion. Terrorists!, terrorists!!, terrorists!!! Regardless that Islam has has many interpretations as Christianity. To my friends and family, it is all the same, "blood thirsty savages that rape and pillage and destroy". "Those" people should never be trusted and should never come to here; even-though,  it is just small sections that are causing the most hate and fear. We live in Sweden and think that we are taking in to few refugees.
This is a big country, we could easely take in maybe 10 million more ( we are only 10 million in total and 10 % of us are from other countrys ).

Before we were very inbreed, everyone was cousins with eachother and had very rigid and racist opinions.

The ony problem are affordable housing. We have not been building anything in a long time and we have also destroyed many of the houses and schools we had so that the prices would rise, and they have. I have no problem with Islam. You can be whatever religion you want, but unfortunately a small sector of Islam practitioners have become "radicalized" and are killing innocent Americans. 

What's the solution?

Unfortunately there is none. It's not gun control, it's not cutting off all Islamic immigration, it's not thorough background checks. As an American this truly saddens me to say, but we brought it on ourselves with us interfering in the Middle East for what? Oil and money, that's it. I really like Islam, I almost converted to it, but decided to stay with the religion of my family. I don't think the rest of my community feels similarity towards it.

I have no problem with immigration, legal or illegal, I think it spices up a community's culture.

I tend toward the far end left in most issues in politics, except for the economy, where I go more to a centrist position. What's the nicest thing anyone has ever done for you or you have done for someone else?  If the end of the were to happen, (atomic bomb, zombie/virus, etc..) what would you do and where would you go?  Organize a militia and expand. My house isn't that far from a boat hard and rifle range. I'd head there, take some rifles, and take the biggest power boat. Then I'd head round to Lundy in the Bristol Channel, which is an island small enough to be defensible with me and a few others, but big enough that it has farmland. I'd wait out the rebuilding of civilisation from there. My friends and I have already agreed to run to the library. We can get food and antibiotics and junk from the CVS across the street, not to mention the endless amount of books to read. ? home Probs would kill myself tbh. I've lived in this comfortable world for too long to adapt to such hellish environments. Raid every Home Depot and Walmart between here and the nearest body of water for tools, seeds.  Find an island, stock up on weaponry, build a farm. Well, I would go to my grandparents house since they have a pretty big farm in the middle of nowhere. But first I would go to this big supermarket. What a silly idea, I hear you thinking, there would be dozens of looters. Well, near the supermarket there is this almost unknown gun shop, which is rare for england, so I would go there, get a shit tonne of guns with my family and then go to the supermarket. What movies should be watched by everyone asap?  Jurassic Park

If you've never seen it, it is a must watch. If you have never seen The Prestige you should watch it. Black Dynamite. The Shawshank Redemption The Outlaw Joesy Wales.

I am only 20 and have seen that movie probably 32 times. Box of Moonlight

Good show, that. Waking Ned Devine.  Quite possibly my favorite movie about true friendship among men. The Good Luck Club ,amazing movie of first generation families coming to America and their background,I cry every time. [Baraka](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIxawleLISM)

The most beautiful film i've ever seen made. I think it objectively might actually be the most visually stunning film ever made. There is no dialogue but it is not needed. If you indulge in magic mountain cabbage, you're going to have a crazy time. Watch with as best an A/V output as you can. Baraka was the first film in over twenty years to be photographed in the 70mm Todd-AO format, and the first film ever to be restored and scanned at 8K resolution. Apocalypto Shawshank Redemption just because it truly is as good as it's made out to be. Godfather 1&2 Clinton Cash If you like music and have a heart, watch Once. If you have time to watch just 3 movies, go watch The Big Lebowski 3 times. The land before time. The land before time 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 20, 45, the land before the land before time. What advice do you give to College Freshmen starting this fall?  Learn to study. You will have a very small chance of getting a job in the current field you are studying for. Have fun. Kiss the girl, get the grades, smoke some weed, but not too much. Take a class or two that aren't necessarily on your degree plan but that you're genuinely interested in. - Leave your dorm room door open when school is just starting so that people can stop in and meet you.

- Go to class, and learn to take notes and join study groups

- Don't be afraid to talk to your advisers and use student services 

- Get involved, be it getting a job, joining clubs/organizations, get an internship, do community service, etc. You'll have a lot of free time so don't just chill all day

- If things don't work out at all at your current school, keep transferring in mind. I want to make this reference for those starting college now, I myself am already a college junior, but I wish I would have known things before I started. My tip: Never buy textbooks from your school. Find them online, maybe even try to download a pdf for free. Sometimes you really don't even need the textbook. Go to class.

Try something new each day that you're scared of

Leave your dorm door open

If you go to college with a bunch of people from your circle in high school, don't stick with that group. Venture out and make new connections.

Don't buy the text book right away. Go to a few classes first and see if it's even necessary. If it is, try to find the pdf online, if not, order it online. Avoid the campus bookstore like the plague.

Join groups of people that have common interest. It'll never be easier for you to try something different or new, so make the best of it while you can. Get the general requirements out of the way as soon as possible, taking philosophy 101 when you're a senior is painfully tedious (trust me on this one).

Don't sell back the textbooks that are related to your major, you may want them later.

Don't be afraid to explore new ideas, you may think you know what you want to study in college but there's a good chance that there are majors you didn't even know existed. College isn't about taking the path laid out in front of you, it's about finding your own.

Oh yeah and also, take notes, even if you never read them again. How long are you wanting to live?  As long as it takes to see us come in contact with aliens. I'd love to see that shit and people lose their minds Forever. It has never been proven before that I will die. I really don't think it is likely that I will die. Sure, all those other losers are worm food, but they are lesser beings. There is no way that someone as great as me could face that fate. It would be a sick tragedy for the world to lose my majesty. If I didn't have a wife and kids I wouldn't mind being done at all. As long as my SO does. When they're gone, then I want to be as well. I wouldn't want to keep living if I started to develop something like Alzheimer's. I wouldn't want loved ones to remember me like that. Long enough to watch the system burn. I'm not sure yet. In a way, I hope I die before I develop Parkinson's (if I'm going to, which I'm fairly suspicious I will). In another way, because of the combination of disorders I have, I hope I live long enough to gather and pass on objectively useful information for my children. Why do posts and comments sometimes have a line instead of showing the number of upvotes or downvotes?  Parents of twins or more, how did you keep track?  Tattooed their names on their foreheads. Dad of twins but have to ask - keep track of what? [Serious] Would it make sense to have separate leagues for athletes who use steroids and for those who don't?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Nope. Those who use steroids should just simply be unable to compete in any event where they get money or publicty. If they had their own league it would just evolve into a 'who can take the most steroids before dying' competition We already have leagues for those who don't use steroids. See how well that works? Should there be separate beauty pageants for girls with and without makeup? It kind of defeats the purpose of the non-enhanced athletes. Personally, I would like to see something like an unlimited class for sports. Athletes playing at the absolute peak of what modern tech and drugs and training can output.

And I'm sure there are a fair number of athletes who would like to push it to the limit. [Serious]What do you regret doing, to this very day?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* When I was about 15 years old, my little sister, about 4 at the time, climbed onto a chest freezer (basically a big box about a metre high). I was nearby and she wanted to jump into my arms. I played along the first time and caught her. She then climbed back up and wanted me to catch her again. This time I tried to pretend to not catch her and psych her out but I misjudged it and she hit the floor in a pin drop (body straight up with legs straight). I don't remember what happened immediately afterwards, but I know she went blue and wasn't breathing properly and ended up in hospital overnight. At the time I freaked out and told everyone she jumped when I had my back to her so didn't have a chance to catch her.

I'm now 32 and everyone still believes it. Nothing happened to my sister, she's perfectly healthy. We even joke about the whole thing. But it tears me up inside when I think about how I nearly killed my little sister. I feel like it's been too long to tell the truth now and not sure how everyone would react if I told the truth. Watching the Mexican Cartel beheading video.... 

About halfway through I think to myself: "What the fuck am I doing...." What animal gets a bad reputation?  Pit Bulls. 

When I was property manager, the guy in the upper unit had the nicest pit bull I've ever encountered. Played with kids, just loved to be loved. I have to believe, it's the owners of the bad ones making it harder for the rest of them. Not the dogs themselves. The shark Pitbulls A lot of Honey Badgers are really altruistic and give back to their community humans. Pretty well deserved though Shark. All jaws wanted was a hug! Sharks. More people are killed by vending machines. Skunks Loon. Snakes The dung beetle. He's got a job to do and he does it. We all could learn something from the lowly dung beetle. People who own sex toys but don't live alone or with your someone...how do you keep them hidden?  anything can be a sex toy with enough imagination

you probably don't want to touch anything at my house Where they belong. I mean you keep tires ON your car, not your garage. Right? In a crown royal bag deep in the closet, Maybe just be open and communicate with the person, if it's a significant other If you have to hid something that you are bringing into so someones home, you shouldn't have it. Gender roles have just been reversed, how has your daily life changed?  I am expected to open jars, we starve. I can get whatever I want by showing my skin You know my wife and I are pretty progressive so... not much I wait for a girl to ask me out, I get randomly catcalled, and I guess women don't take me seriously in my some of my interests. Can't tell if it'd be noticeable immediately or if it'd take time. I wait for women to ask *me* out now. 

&nbsp;

...so I guess not much has changed. She asks me how my day went. I ramble on and on about this bitch at work. She's really good at making eye contact, but is thinking to herself "What's for dinner? Oh wait, there's a game on tonight...shit I wonder what time it's on TV, wait, is it on tv? Keep your head in the game and listen to him, you might get his big dick later for keeping your composure. Just nod and tell him that sucks." I go to work every day, just like I always do, but then I come home and wait for someone to feed me. I am no longer regarded as a weird tomboy and I will hopefully gain more female friends It hasn't really. My job is done by men and women, so no biggie there. My SO and I are fairly egalitarian about chores, so no change there, but she gets to mow the lawn now and I do the watering. Bathroom is now further away from my desk.  Need to replace my Secret deodorant with Old Spice.  Bra is no longer needed. I'm pregnant. Well I have to wait in line longer at bathrooms... but at least I get a stall.. I am browsing /r/askwomen instead of /r/askreddit I pee standing up. Guys would still hide their boners, but for a completely different reason. Time to go buy some dresses! As a programmer I am now attractive. The US has just decided it will have playdates with every country and be superficially nice to Russia, China, and North Korea but talk shit about them behind their backs. We find more nukes in Iran and give them the silent treatment. Literally nothing, except I'm now going to have more trouble achieving my dreams as a woman. As a quasi-gay, pan-neutral, queer-folk, bi-normal, nether-kin, demisexual who identifies as a beige 1998 Toyota Tercel, it would not affect me too much I would get laid whenever I wanted if my standards were low enough. I still can't cook If I were working at the same company I'm at now, I'd be making a lot more money.

Plot twist: I'm a dude. [deleted] No more being called sweetie or honey by randoms, no more catcalls, no expectation to have kids. Pretty sweet. Have you ever been scammed in any way? If so how and where?  Worked for cash. Never got paid. Went to Work Standards Commissions and told them about it, I admitted that I did wrong and agreed to pay all taxes if they recovered my money. They never did. But they went after the guy full force, scared the shit out of him. It was only a few thousand so it wasn't too bad. Actually I have a better one. One of my friends got involved with this Real Estate Investors company, they signed the mortgage on his name and agreed to pay for the house, then flip it and give him some money for the trouble. The scam involves backing out of the said agreement (crewing the person) and thenr letting the house foreclose and then buying it (because they have connections at the bank). We tried going after those people but they have really strong connections, the Police told us that there are many people getting scammed this way so I hope someone sees this and doesn't get involved even if it comes friends. When I was 11 years old, I loved playing Diablo II. I couldn?t get enough of it. I wasn?t great at the game, but I loved playing it. One day I found a coveted Stone of Jordan ring. This made me so proud of myself for finally finding one for myself after hearing so much about them. Taking advantage of the situation, I searched for a game where I could trade for an item that I wanted for my character: a piece of the Tal Rasha's Wrappings set.

A gentleman offered to trade Tal Rasha's Lidless Eye for my Stone of Jordan. Man, I was so excited. I looked at the trade window and quickly agreed to the item. He quickly disconnected from the game and I looked at my new item. It was just a normal, magic item. Nothing special. What the hell happened? Normally you have to wait a few seconds to agree to a trade when you add or take something from the trade window. The whole time we were talking he was picking up and reentering the item. On the last time he switched it out and I didn?t notice because I thought he was just showing it off. He got me good. I was left with nothing after being on a high for about 30 minutes.

I was so devastated by that, the fact that someone could scam a child in a video game (a place where you should feel safe from the outside world), I never played Diablo II again with much enthusiasm and eventually quit all together shortly after. Dick. What are you in denial about?  I'm not in denial.  
  
I think that makes me in denial about being in denial. [Serious] Do you believe that there are more than two genders, why or why not?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* No there's men and women.

What you were born with is what you are, unless your surgery is complete. There are only 2 reproductive sexes, but there are more than 2 genders.  Even the ancient Hebrew people had words in their language  for 6 different genders.


Zachar/?????: This term is derived from the word for a pointy sword and refers to a phallus. It is usually translated as ?male? in English.

Nekeivah/???????: This term is derived from the word for a crevice and probably refers to a vaginal opening. It is usually translated as ?female? in English.

Androgynos/?????????????????: A person who has both ?male? and ?female? sexual characteristics. 149 references in Mishna and Talmud (1st-8th Centuries CE); 350 in classical midrash and Jewish law codes (2nd -16th Centuries CE).

Tumtum/ ????????? A person whose sexual characteristics are indeterminate or obscured. 181 references in Mishna and Talmud; 335 in classical midrash and Jewish law codes.

Ay?lonit/????????: A person who is identified as ?female? at birth but develops ?male? characteristics at puberty and is infertile. 80 references in Mishna and Talmud; 40 in classical midrash and Jewish law codes.

Saris/????: A person who is identified as ?male? at birth but develops ?female? characteristics as puberty and/or is lacking a penis. A saris can be ?naturally? a saris (saris hamah), or become one through human intervention (saris adam). 156 references in mishna and Talmud; 379 in classical midrash and Jewish law codes.  

Source: http://www.sojourngsd.org/blog/sixgenders No, I just believe people get so wrapped up in the traditional gender roles that they can't realise you can be a girl and like monster trucks or you can be a boy and like fashion. 

They feel if they don't fit it, it must mean they are something else. 

Nah, you're just a regular person who happens to like something different. No, there are only two genders, male and female.

The vast majority of people claiming to be something other than male or female just want to be special snowflakes so they make up something different to be.

The rest have genuine mental illnesses. No. Biology/Genetics. Only two genders are required to further a species. More would be redundant. > Gender: the state of being **male or female** (typically used with reference to social and cultural differences rather than biological ones).

The dictionary says nah. It's all semantics really, though. ?\\\_(?)_/? Why do companies spell things wrong like "Fun Pak"?  To stand out. And there might be a copyright on "fun pack" already. If it's a company of any reasonable size, marketing quirks will always always be because they tested something and it converts better. Branding/marketing identity. Trademarks. A Fun Pack is ubiquitous. It is open to anyone to use, but you can trademark a misspelling. The most common example is the SyFy Channel. SciFi is a common name for a genre. It is public use. The name could not be trademarked. So they changed it to SyFy, because what the fuck is that? But it is pronounced the same.  It gives off enough of the concept of the channel, but they can trademark it. So they can trademark it. So they can copyright/trademark it. [deleted] At what age was your first sexual experience and how do you feel it effected you mentally though out your life if it be young or old?  Thirteen. I was too young, and I wish I had waited to do it till I was more ready and was with someone that mattered to me. I don't think it's affected me much, however. *affected

I was 17 and no it did not affect me mentally.  It seemed like a pretty typical slightly awkward first experience. I personally was far far too young when I had my first sexual experience not form abuse or anything like that it was a girl the same age as me and we just copied what we had seen on videos not really knowing what we were doing and I personally think it has had a massive effect on me as I now have no idea of boundaries not to a point where I have ever done anything wrong but to a point where I don't understand peoples embarrassment with sexual acts I was 12. I regret it. Way too young. If I think about a 12 year old having sex, I immediately want to vomit. I think it encouraged an overly promiscuous lifestyle and an idea that it is normal to sleep with all your friends. Besides kissing ... early 20's. Was stationed in Middle East to support missions into Iraq. Used to go for runs with other young officer. She made some comment about my ass during one run. I laughed it off, but conversations grew more sexual with time. One night we were just playing trivial pursuit in the common area and getting everything wrong. It was embarrassing. We agreed that whoever got the 1st correct answer would have to do whatever the other person asked of them. She won and asked for a kiss. Not a ton of privacy in these places so we snuck into chief's makeshift office. I lifted her up onto his desk and we made out a little bit before I slid my hand down into her sweats. I was like "you're so slippery". She was like "no shit!" I just laugh about it now ... had no experience with women and was totally surprised. It did make me feel pretty niaive. She was also married and so it made me a little jaded towards military life for couples. Most the men were screwing around too. As opposed to some other comments, I wish I wasn't such a prude and had more fun at a younger age. Technically a toddler for mine... Didn't realise how much it had affected me until I opened up about it to my mum last year and got counselling....
What is like to consider my first has actually helped me a lot in not being terrified by anything remotely sexual anymore Either 15 or 16 (right around my birthday). It led to my girlfriend and I having tons and tons of sex that summer. That, in turn, led to me getting used to regular sex. 6 (mostly) sexless years later, I perhaps wish we hadn't done it so much What's your worst concert experience (either band or crowd related)?  I went to a Marilyn Manson concert. It was absolutely disappointing. It was just a middle aged man wearing his clothes from the 90s, desperately humping the air, trying to be shocking. His vest was so tight around his stomach the buttons almost popped off. I idolized him since middle school and when he came out I realized he was just a man. Even the crowd was tame, mostly sitting in their seats. The mosh pit stood still until the end. It was heart breaking and did not live up to my expectations Emmure. 2010. I swear to god I almost died because the venue was over filled and Emmure fans are way more hard core than I was anticipating. I went with my roommate/best friend to see Attack Attack and I'd never even *heard* of Emmure. So, after the opener's set everyone filed out to the lobby and in come these *fucking huge* people. I mean monstrous proportioned. Even the women were incredibly intimidating. My little 18 year old emo/punk self was internally flailing. I look at my friend and she gives me the, "what is happening" look. All of the sudden sound check starts and the floor is moving. I've never seen people get live during sound check. When they finally started playing the **whole fucking venue lit on fire** (metaphorically) and **every fucking person** was moshing, but not like "hehe post-hardcore weee" moshing. I'm talking fucking beating the shit out of each other how do you not have a neck injury moshing.

My friend and I got separated, she ended up crowd surfing and then having a bouncer escort her to the back of the club and went to the balcony.  Meanwhile I'm stuck in a pit full of *HUGE* (physically) bearded metalheads flailing around. Finally a guy realized I was panicking (aka I was crying) and had no intention of being stuck in the middle of this pit so he shielded me and helped me fight my way out of the club. 

It was horrifying. I had never felt afraid for my safety at a show until I saw Emmure. One thing though, metalheads and hardcore kids look out for each other. If someone falls you pick them back up. If a small 18 year old girl is crying in the pit you carry her out. I went to a concert with my parents and I wasn't sure how to act so I just awkwardly stood there the whole time as my parents probably cringed Jeremih put on, hands down, the worst show I've ever seen in my life. And I like some of his songs. This was a free concert, so I figured that I'd go. What a mistake.

He barely sings. He just stands there while his hype man shouts and two girls just dance around him. He ends his songs abruptly by playing an air horn (and I mean really abruptly; he'll end his songs in the middle of a verse with the air horn). Just a really bad live performer. It was Rush.  I am sure the band was fine but the seats were pretty far back.  There was more sound echoing from the back of the area than from the stage. Well weather related.  Went to see Further at Fiddlers Green, an outdoor venue in July in the late 1990s.
A thunderstorm blew over and dumped lots of water - but I was watching the opening act moe. and got soaked.
The sun was going down and I got very cold so went home before I could see the band Further play.

Still a good night though. This girl took me to see The Newsboys. Was not my cup of tea. I got knocked down in the mosh pit and injured my knee.  I was carted out on a stretcher and missed the show entirely.

It was another three years before Lords of Acid came back to town, and I didn't get to hear any of the stuff from the previous album that I would have heard at the concert I got injured at. Alan Jackson. Sat on stage and played his guitar. Boring. Maybe a small club would have been ok. 17000 ppl in an arena ... lame.
 Same place ... reba ... best ive ever seen. What's the coolest/best happy hour deal you've ever seen?  This place I used to like to go to on Thursdays only had 50 cent coronas. It was great! A drink called the "Big O" that is a Coors, shot of whiskey and an (unfiltered) cigarette. It's sold as one item but comes as single items. Persons of reddit, has anyone here ever had a weird/scary encounter with a ghost?  No. Ghosts aren't real. How do you even know that you're marrying the right one?  You don't. You never know that it is the right person or that it will last forever. But people never say that because it isn't nice to hear. All you can do is give it your for real best shot and get as far as you can. She'll be the one in the wedding dress. Can you 'turn yourself off' with them, or do you always need to have your socializing self on? You don't. The right one is a perfect reality and fictions. Don't hold out for them, they will never come. If you are asking this question - not the right one. Shop around some more. I think it depends on what kind of life you want to live. Personally, I love taking risks but I've found those who are opposite of me tend to balance me out and thus make a good parter. It's all up to what you expect in a husband or wife and whether they surprise you or not, whichever your preference may be because there is no "right one" you choose someone you love to become a family with and then spend the rest of your life making sure they you are the right one for them and they'll hopefully do the same. If you're ready ro marry someone, you should probably be able to recognize their face and/or voice. I'm actually kind of interested in this question. 

I know people who say "they just knew" and have been married for years. 

I also know people who say you can never know and have been married for years. 

It seems to me it almost comes down to an individual perception about what you think will be a successful marriage or not. You don't. All you can do is determine that you are marrying the right one for this phase of your life.  People grow and change; even being married to each other. Humans are a living ecosystem of emotions, feelings, desires, and passions.  These things ebb and flow all the time.  Sometimes, the growing and changing are complimentary.  Other times, they go in opposite directions. The bottom line is if you two love each other, are committed to each other, and have an open line of communications between the two of you, you will be able to stay together till death do you part. There is no right one. There are good ones and bad ones. In the moment, if you cannot picture any situation that is not instantly improved by them being there with you, you've got the right one. Long term, you know because you've been benefiting from each other from day one. Life has no guarantees.  Nor is there just one.  The average person, in their life, gets to know less than 1/100th of 1% of the population just in their own country.  Food for thought. What singer sings with the most emotion?  [Otis Redding](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7T9HKmERv0) Male: Gil Scott-Heron

Female: Amy Winehouse I would say Scott Klopfenstein. Joy Williams Male: Jack White  


Female : Amy Lee / Lana Del Rey Freddie Mercury. Listen to "The Show Must Go On" and try to fucking fight me. Tattooed individuals, has acne or another skin condition ever altered the look of your tattoo(s)? [NSFW]  Not at all that being said I don't really have "skin conditions" outside of a random pimple here and there. I have half sleeves on both arms and a full back piece Nope. A big mosquito bite might make it look a little odd for a few days, but thats it. The ink is so deep that something like acne wouldn't ever damage the tattoo Only a random pimple every now and then, but it doesn't really do much seeing as the ink is so deep. People tend to get pimples on their tattoos after first getting them. Unless you have surgery or are badly burned on the spot, that's the only time I've ever seen a tattoo become altered. Skin conditions, such as acne or other minor scarring from scrapes and cuts rarely if ever affect the tattoo. 

Source: I have a lot of tats and fallen off a motorcycle and gotten road rash pretty bad, but my ink was still there. I might suggest going over to our friends in r/tattoos and looking around.  There's a lot of good information over there, plus some pretty badass art work by some VERY talented artists. Temporarily. I have really thick hair AND sensitive skin, so shaving is a nightmare. My hair follicles get red and you can see my hair trying to poke through the skin as it grows after a day or two. Sometimes I get tiny ingrown hairs that fix themselves when I exfoliate in the shower the next day or scratch my legs. 

Anyway, what I explained above happens on my thigh where i have a large-ish tattoo. I catch myself scratching that area a few days after I shave when my hair is starting to grow back and sometimes the hair follicle gets dry and flaky from scratching. At this point my tattoo looks flakey, but it goes away after I put on lotion and the top layer of skin is moisturized again. 

I had a pimple once on a dark area of a tattoo. I popped it and it healed after a few days and had no residual effect on the tattoo.

Hope this helps ? Got a tattoo in Nepal, guy said keep it clean and rest it, not possible, river of human sewage and walking up to the Monkey Temple in jeans, wrecked it, ink everywhere, had it fixed when I got home, looks good now.... What's the most useless tip you've seen on Reddit?  Go onto r/relationships and the majority of redditors solution is to break up. A lot of stuff from subs like /r/LifeProTips /r/LPT /r/lifehacks etc. If you sort by top all time you get some actually useful suggestions but lots of times it's like "LPT: Use toilet paper to wipe your bum" "delete Facebook, hit the gym and lawyer up" Not just on reddit, but any "life hack" site you see that says, "just ask for no salt if you want fresh fries" is dumb. One of three things will happen:  
1. They just put in regular fries and you wont notice  
2. They will just put some fries back in the fryer for 3 seconds  
3. You will actually get fresh fries, but you will have to wait until we finish everybody else order before we deal with you again What is the most unbelievable thing that ever happened to you?  Riding my bike home one day when I get the brilliant idea to use the front brake only since I never used it.  Coming up on a stop sign I squeeze the front brake hard not seeing a bump in the asphalt.  Fly over the handlebars and land flat on my feet. What gadget or technology that is anticipated to be released in the next couple of years are you most excited about?  Nanobots that patrol your body and help your immune system designate targets and fuck shit up or the ability to reverse age by helping rebuild telomeres. The newest iPhone /s Microsoft Hololense.  I have gotten to use my friends developer kit while testing a game they are developing with it and it is awesome! Reddit, what is your favorite quote from a fictional character?  ?As a species we're fundamentally insane. Put more than two of us in a room, we pick sides and start dreaming up reasons to kill one another. Why do you think we invented politics and religion?? ~Ollie (From Stephen King's: The Mist) Yippie ki yay motherfucker. You trying to say Jesus Christ can't hit a curveball? "Well, shit." Varric Tethras

"I should go." Commander Shepard 

"Good, bad, I'm the guy with the gun." Ash Williams. "run run or you'll be well done." kefka "Dude, sucking at something is the first step to being sorta good at something."

-Jake, the Dog "You'll laugh at your fears when you find out who you are"
Piccolo Junior, *Dragon Ball Z*
*Season 1, Episode 7* So many Dumbledore quotes. My favourite, though, is probably:

"Words are our most inexhaustible source of magic, capable of both inflicting injury and remedying it." "The day ain't over yet..." Curly from City Slickers regarding his murder count, but it has more positive uses. God! Damn! Sonofabitch! -Winnebago Guy "It's not a lie if you believe it" - George Costanza I can't believe I ate the whole thing If you were a drug dealer what would be your ideal drug dealing vehicle?  Ice cream van Prius. Quiet, anonymous, don't need to fill it up much. Cop car. Might as well look the part, right? 1987 Ford Escort.

Why draw attention to myself? P.T. Cruiser Slightly older minivan. Bonus points for "My kid was student of the week at bla bla bla" sticker, little family stick people decal on back window and "baby on board" placard. Space shuttle. I get busted by the police, and I'm in orbit before they can catch me. Weinermobile. Nobody would suspect a thing. A B-52 bomber A jet pack incase you gotta bounce quick. Any kind of grandma looking car. A moped. Private plane bitcheeees How do you know I am not a drug dealer? millenium falcon 86 cutlass, can fit 65 kilos in the trunk, just drop it off in a lot with the trunk unlocked. A drone. I drive a pink Chevy Spark. I think this would be perfect for drug dealing because it is so innocent looking. Definitely the Mystery Machine Short bus. Toyota Prius, who'd suspect a thing? Mini van, inconspicious as fuck Domino's Delivery Car ... who would notice you? Mazda Miata. 

I had one through high school and college, that thing was the best. People would know I had the best stuff and the best car and they would just call me "the best". 

"Yo, let me call up my guy, he is the best, and his stuff is the best!"

I would roll up in my white cloth pop top mid 1990s Mazda Miata, pop the trunk and there would be a nice pretty custom setup for all my drugs. It would be the best. A Vespa. No one would ever suspect. If you had to choose one food to eat for the rest of your life, but you would poop it out whole, what food would you choose?  Whole pineapples. Corn. Oh wait... Chicken Nuggets Chicken Eggs! Cheetos - the answer is always Cheetos. Easy, fruit snacks. Spaghetti Noodles. Meatballs Soup. What made you so happy until you discovered it was a lie?  God's love. That the next game of thrones book was set to be released about a year ago -_- 3 postpones later and I have at least half a year more to wait. ["Fuck her right in the pussy" guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sCXh6aqz4c) NSFW Cake That "dog farms" are just a common lie that parents tell their kids when the dog gets put down or the parents decide to get rid of it. I was crushed when I found this out. What is the most random item you own but just can't let go of or throw away?  A fist sized rock I found when I was 11 years old that slightly resembles a turtle shell. I have had it every since, and I store it with my valuables.

I have moved 8 times in the past 10 years with plenty of times to throw it out while packing, and I can't bring myself to do it. I was on the tube and a little kid was having a hissy fit and threw his shoes at me, and as the mum wasnt paying attention. I decided to claim my prize. this really old bus stop sign i found in a field when i was 16. i took it home, cleaned it up and put it in my room. when i moved out two years later i took that sign with me. my wife asked me about it a few months ago and i told her the story. she thought it was cool/amusing. a piece of coal i picked up off some train tracks in my old town before highshool What advice do you have for somebody as they turn 40?  Turning 40 is one of the greatest milestones in your life (that people don't realize). I love my 40s. You know what you want out of life, you have the funds and means to do things you want, you are still young enough (and hopefully healthy enough) to enjoy things, and you care less and less what people think about you. Don't feel like your life is over, you still have two decades before you can retire! You're old enough to understand now that you will never do all those things you wanted to do someday. Enjoy it...45 sucks worse. Don't worry about it. Nothing happens. (I turned 40 two months ago) dont have a heart attack The world is ending in 2 weeks. You have $1000 cash and a vehicle. What do you do?  Borrow $100,000 more from a loan shark and get some hookers, blow and a fully staffed yacht. Build a bunker using parts from the vehicle to generate sufficient electricity for a single person.  Use the 1000 dollars to rig up a small wind turbine and to buy some cinder blocks and a shovel. Let's assume everything is normal- you're the only one who knows that the world is ending, and no one will believe you if you tell them. I'd stick around in my flat, get some food together and invite my girlfriend round for a 2 day love fest. Sell the vehicle to get more cash. Drink and shag my gf for 14 days straight. I leave the money for my parents and a note explaining my actions. I then go to my SO's house and fuck until the Earth explodes I keep browsing Reddit. Fly/Drive to a city with a wild nightlife, charge the hotel and everything else to my credit card, do drugs, drink, fuck, relax Whats the best movie to watch in 3D?  I loved watched Avatar in 3D. I'm a space geek and would love to explore another planet. The 3D version made me feel like I was on another planet. Avatar was great in 3D. Also, spy kids 3D. Spy Kids 3D dredd Any tips to make the most out of the first week of college?  Talk to people and make friends. Go just a little bit out of your comfort zone. Also, it is SOOOO easy to skip classes, especially morning ones, but take it from me, dont skil! :) Be vulnerable and unaffraid of meeting new people. But don'tfeel that just because you've met someone you have to keep them in your group of friends. Mold the experience to fit you. Attend all the mixers, welcome events, 1st club meetings, etc. Even if you're not particularly interested in that group-- it's still a great way to meet people! 

If you go to a frat-- keep it to a 2 drink maximum for the first week. A lot of those drinks are much, much stronger than you think. It takes time to get used to it and know your limits. And take a buddy, of course. :) 

Also, go through the syllabus for each class and figure out what exactly you have to do to get the grade you want. Put due dates in your calendar. Plan to work ahead. The more organized you are with your classes, the more time you can spend doing fun stuff. Stay off of reddit, talk to physical people, go to the organization fair and see all what student orgs they have. Maybe none are for you but at least you get a better idea of what's out there. Maybe you'll start your own based on what you see a lack of. Go to every class. Don't buy your books until after the first class. So many times I was burned early on by buying the big text book only to be told that this prof's section wasn't using it. Soak it up. You only get one shot at the first week of college. Also, don't go home on labor day. Stay. It's like you've been here 2 weeks? Now you need to go home? Join clubs/go to interest meetings for clubs even if you're skeptical. You can meet great people in the most random places. At my university I also met a lot of people playing pickup soccer and basketball (I do go to a large school). Wear your key lanyard out of your pants pocket. Instant respect from everyone Has anybody seen a situation where a mother wants an abortion, but the father wants to have the child? What happens?  Yes.  Woman got the abortion. Man was devastated. Woman broke off the relationship and then regretted it a few months down the road when the man fell in love with another woman.  Woman regretted not having the baby and fell into a downward spiral of drugs and alcohol. Woman got fired from her job due to showing up at work fucked out of her mind.  She tried killing herself when she found out the man was getting married to the new girl.  Women went into rehab and I haven't heard anything from her since. Yes.

The woman has the abortion. Yes. Generally the woman has the abortion. Ugh, that man must be a disgusting misogynist pig if he wants to use her body like that. He should have known better to ASK someone if they wanted a kid before HE CHOSE to have sex. Hey there...happy cakeday /u/fadadapple.  We have something in common [deleted] What is your secret that would ruin your life if it got out?  People think I'm a 42 year old, white male.  In realty, I am a 88 year old, goat herding, Peruvian grandmother with a limp. This is why it's called a secret. I think Pepsi is just as good as Coke. Nice try FSB. I once had sex with OP's mom. 

I'm so <sob> ashamed!!! I like children. I'm dead Im a goofy goober What real life horror stories have caused you to believe in the super natural or be irrationally afraid of the subject matter?  My dad showed me the movie **Fire in the Sky** when I was around 7 years old.  We lived in the country at the time and had wooded areas all around us.  That movie is the biggest reason for my alien phobia.

Its kind of odd, it only applies to the typical grey big head big eyed aliens.  I can watch other things just fine, in fact **Alien** is one of my favorite movies. [Serious] What have been the best technological advances in the past 5 years?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Smartphones, tablets, and any other portable technology. We can do more and more on the go, be more efficient, which can give way to make more advancements in technology and other areas. Autodriving cars seem closer to reality. SpaceX has stuck a few landings now. Cheaper space travel is within sight! Nano technology will change the world in ways we can't image. Tablets and other similar devices that have opened up methods of communication for people who were, previously, otherwise unable to communicate easily. I work with children with special needs. Some are Autistic, nonverbal, Deaf, or otherwise unable to communicate verbally. It is amazing to see a student for whom communication has been a challenge learn to chat with their mother via text message, have a conversation in ASL with a cousin across the country via FaceTime/ video chat, and communicate basic needs with text-to-speech tools. Modern tech is amazing! I recently saw a Ted talk about microchip scanner technology that can go inside our bodies and detect for diseases (such as cancer). The tech inside you then changes the color of your urine to alert you if there is anything found! Crazy stuff. 3D printing personal prosthetics What are non-British redditors thoughts on the British right now?  I'm happy they did it They are one step closer to making Britain great again. I'm reading various stories about how the people in the UK are reacting to the Brexit and I am astonished.  What I see is a severe lack of leadership.  The prime minister didn't get the result he wanted so he's quitting?  Really?  Someone needs to step up and declare common sense. I don't really have any over this brexit shit. I realize that I am too ignorant on the subject to comment on it. People from the US tend not to care about foreign politics as much as they possibly should because the country is so large and isolated. It'll be hard to blame immigrants when the recession takes its toll.

I think they've completely shot themselves in the foot.  I think Scotland will likely hold a referendum (as they should) and I think Britain will really suffer from this. They did what they think is best, that's the purpose of democracy. Why should I pass judgment on their internal policy? I have no idea what's going on over there, and at this point I'm to afraid to ask. They're probably solemnly sipping their tea and contemplating what they've done. American here. I'm honestly looking at it and thinking it's such a stupid situation. A huge majority of young people wanted to stay, and the old fucks basically took away that future from them. I look at that situation and think it's fucked. Then I look back at the U.S., and realize that our situation is pretty much fucked too. Guess the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Recent events have made me realize how little I know about the EU, UK and European politics, and how pointless it would be for me to have an opinion about any if this. I think you made a huge mistake and you need to get Parliment to stop it. Bunch of old racists carried the vote because the younger people didn't go. Heads up American youth as it could happen here in Nov. The genie is out of the bag, you can't go back to being an isolationist country in today's world. You'll want to trade with EU countries so still have to follow their rules. Prob going to suffer from lack of workers, your pound will suffer. Companies will move HQ's to large EU countries. Scotland might leave. Quite frankly I haven't heard one good thing about your leaving. Looking at 10-20 years to recover. My question is more about what you think of us British, rather than our situation.

Do you think we're idiots?

Do you think we've caused a lot of shit all over the financial market and therefor we're idiots?

Are you impressed with what we've done.


It's literally what you think of us for the decisions we've made American here. I'm happy when anyone chooses self-governance over a collective that only serves the best interests of those in charge. To me, that's what the EU is all about, good for those in charge, not so much for the peasant. However, it doesn't seem much like they're happy with their selection, because they didn't think it out far enough along and that they have no tolerance for the pain they've inflicted with their vote and won't hang on to see it through to the other side.

I'm not so sure this vote wasn't really more about immigration though than it was independence. Seems that GB is tired of the EU immigration policy and the independence vote allows them to stop the insane (IMO) Muslim immigration wave. I think this same sentiment is playing out in the USA and is why Donald Trump will be our next President.

A vote for independence and to "go it alone" cannot be without pain and sacrifice. American's (at least this one) see other country's citizens clamoring for self-government as a good thing based on our own history. I applaud those willing to vote in favor of Brexit, and hope they see it through. A one world government is a scary thing, and exactly what the powers that be seek. This throws the world order off kilter, IMO a good thing. They made their choice. Now I'm watching the whole thing unfold and the whole debacle in the press. What is the secret gay agenda?  Simular to the one you had in high school but with a rainbow cover and blowjobs scheduled in regularly
...Or muff-diving appointments. I'm an equal opportunity joker. The demand we not only accept their lifestyle but activly promote it, and shame those who dont. To make everyone gay of course. Infiltrate the common folk and educate the masses. moar rainbows Brunch. Short shorts. To what extent is being camp a learnt or innate behaviour?  What's the point of having a cake if you can't eat it?  The idea of the expression is not about having a cake and eating it; but rather you expecting to still have a cake after you ate it. some cakes are very pretty to look at. To poison enemies Photography, the joy of baking, a gift to someone, cake baking or decorating competition, poisoning an unfaithful lover, still art drawing, many different scenarios bragging rights You can have it, and you can eat it.  Since you ate your piece of cake you no longer have a piece of cake...so you can't eat it and have it too. The quote is ["You can't have your cake and eat it too"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/You_can%27t_have_your_cake_and_eat_it) Having your cake and eat it too means that you can't eat your cake now and still have it. You choose to save it for later or eat it now.

In Asda in the UK they echo this when they say: "Once it's gone it's gone" Fuck me right? Redditors who refuse to have contact with parts of family, what happened?  My dad was a physically and emotionally abusive alcoholic for as long as I can remember.  My grandma and aunt stick up for him and justify his alcoholism and any trouble it gets him into.  A few years back, he was hammered and stalked his ex-girlfriend of 30 years, kicked her door in, called her boyfriend's work and got him fired, just a mess all around.  I never said bye, fuck you, or any of that, just blocked their phone numbers, dumped them from social media, and went about my life.  No regrets. You reach the pearly gates and you're given the chance to relive 1 Month of your life, which do you pick and why?  Jan 1 - Feb 1 2013. During that timeframe, I turned 21 and saved a man's life. I'd just skip it and go in One of the months I was in Afghanistan. I would have made a different choice I think. 

Good question, makes one really ponder. What is your dream car?  '96 Camry A car that you can download McClaren P1 is pretty badass. My rich ass neighbors bought one because theyre rich as fuck. Its a $1M car. ^^^ps ^^^I ^^^want ^^^my ^^^company ^^^to ^^^be ^^^bought ^^^by ^^^DOW ^^^chemical ^^^so ^^^I ^^^can ^^^have ^^^a ^^^cool ^^^car 1991 GMC Syclone 1973 Oldsmobile Delta 88 in yellow The batmobile from Batman: The Animated Series Delorean with a flux capacitor One with a functioning air conditioner... 1st generation Toyota truck. Frame off restoration. Hopped up 22RE. 6 Speed manual trans (they come with 5, but 1 more gear for better highway mileage please!) An inch or two of lift, some bigger wheels and tires, and the paint job - metallic rootbeer with a red-orange-yellow stripe with TOYOTA cut out of it. Porshe Carrera would be pretty nice. This road runner I took photos of at the Route 66 Museum in Santa Rosa NM

http://imgur.com/a/PTAcf 2006 Volkswagen Phaeton V12 Shelby cobra Merc SLS AMG black series 1959 Buick Wanted a dream car (as in not a total dream but realistic dream) nissan altima. But when i saw the maxima i changed my mind ! Hennessey Venom GT. 2003 Mustang Cobra VW GTI [Pagani Huayra](http://www.autoblog.com/photos/pagani-huayra-bc/) A diesel truck for work, and a solar augmented Tesla. Ferrari F40 Aston Martin Vanquish. I am not a car guy or anything but that car just looks and seems so awesome A mid 70s VW Westfalia Tesla! Now my car can be my designated driver! That's how it works, right? '67 Restomod Mustang or Ferrari Enzo - 1968 Mustang GT (the car from *Bullitt*)

- Ferrari 458

- Maserati GranTurismo

- 2010/2011 Honda CR-V (dunno...I've always really liked the look of them) AE86 Whatever latest Tesla Model S or T or X. Fuck it I'll take one of their rocket ships Honestly, if it gets me from A to B and I can play my music in it, it's good enough for me 2012 Porsche 911 Turbo. Shelby GT 500 air/gasoline hybrid 4000 kilometer per tank... they are available we're just not allowed to drive them for some "obscure reason" Drivers of reddit. If you hate having someone in front of you, why do you race right up the butt of the car in front of you?  I love the guy that has to be the first to the stop light.

They never seem to realize that they back off a touch, time the light, and never have to stop at all...... I don't drive like this, but I think they have the mindset where if they see any bit of open road that that is opportunity to speed up. Also it might be to intimidate or frustrate the driver in front of them to go faster. It could also be the driver isn't paying attention until they get too close and then they just stay that distance because they don't want to slow down I always keep a short distance away from the car in front of me. I've heard that a good rule is, make sure you can see their wheels touching the ground. I live in a mountainous area off the main raods to the surrounding cities, TONS of drivers decide to take our road to cut the traffic. These people drive well below the speed limit (it is 55 and they usually go 35 due to the many twists and turns) as a local who drives this everyday I can go the speed limit comfortably and when if they don't pull over ill get nice and close to these fuckers it makes them even less comfortable to thepoint they want to turn out and get me away from them.. may not be the safest method but its the only one that works I never do that, I keep a following distance that would give me enough time to stop if the car in front of me hit an invisible wall. Someone gets right behind me I take my foot off the gas and coast to a comfy 10-15 mph under the speed limit and hold it there until they fuck off :) I'll usually only get close to another car if they are in the passing lane on the highway and either not passing or driving slow. If you are in the left hand lane you should be overtaking the car you intend to pass and then getting back in the middle (if three lanes) or right hand lane driving your speed.

The only other time I will do this is if a person is driving really excessively slow. There's a 55MPH road in my town that for some reason people are just oblivious to the many speed limit signs. They usually drive 35-40MPH while traffic builds up behind them. 

It's an asshole move that I save for asshole people who simply don't follow common driving etiquette. That's an unfair generalization. I hate having a car in front of me, but I don't do this.
However, I will say that I have often raced up behind a vehicle because they're doing below the limit and I'm not. Especially if they're in the left lane and not overtaking. I also tend to lean on the horn, because fuck them. Because sometimes the car in front won't want to deal with the jerk driving the car behind them and will move out of the way or go faster, ultimately giving the jerk what they want. What are some crazy moments you've witnessed on public transit?  A guy picking some kid's nose and rubbing the boogers all over the pole. Black homeless guy lighting a joint and smoking in a packed train...mufucker didnt care Two dudes fist fighting Someone tried to speak to me once Just got from the bus, and there was a giant spider net in the corner between window and the seat.


And surely, it's rather well-fed architect. SO glad it's not Australia. Guy pissing on the window directly behind me Seen some puking and blowjobs in Dallas.  Seperate incidents. A deaf homeless elderly man got on the bus and sat in the seat next to me. The bus was empty besides the both of us. He then tried mumbling me questions for directions to a place. I tried my best to smile and help him out and at the end he grabbed my face and kissed me. I bought a car the next day. What's the weirdest shit you've seen someone wash at the laundry mat?  The guy who kept calling the laundromat a "laundry mat". Someone was getting chewed out by the owner one night for washing wool (or some kind of fibers) for "felting". That was probably a real PITA to clean out of the washer! I saw someone drying their filthy bivy sack in the dryer. Wash that shit first or at least have the common courtesy to brush off the leaves and dirt first. [Laundromat](http://www.pwslaundrywest.com/files/images/build/main-1.jpg)

[Laundry Mat](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0798/6895/products/Vintage_Laundry_Room_Decorative_Braided_Runner_Country_style_braided_runner_is_long_enough_to_reach_the_length_of_both_washer_and_dryer_large.png?v=1444705493) What was your first ever post on Reddit?  If anyone isn't sure, check out [SnoopSnoo](http://www.snoopsnoo.com), it can look it up for you.

Mine was on /r/trees:

> I've always thought it was lucky if you smoke out of it for 3 consecutive days before you decide on a name Well, mine is fairly uninteresting. It's in response to another AskReddit thread which asked for the stupidest thing we've ever heard someone say with confidence. Here it is in all its splendor:

"'The plural of moose is meese.' - a guy in one of my classes at university. After about a minute of us going back and forth, he pulls out his phone, taps on his screen for a few seconds, says "Huh," and stops talking." What is your favourite science joke?  Two guys walk into a bar to order drinks. 

The first guy says "I'll have H20"

The second guy says "I'll have H20 too"

The second guy died. "I lost an electron."

"Are you sure?"

"I'm positive." Little Timmy took a drink, 
But he will drink no more, 
For what he thought was H2O, 
Was H2SO4. What's it like being frozen to absolute zero?

It's 0k. Wanna hear a joke about Sodium? NaCl/NaOH what's the fastest way to get a girlfriend ?  Getting a girlfriend is a lot like getting a new dog.  Sure,  you can spend a lot of money and get a nice one, but if you?re patient, and not so picky, sometimes you can find one hanging around the dumpsters at Burger King looking for something to eat. Be hot.  Have a good personailty.  And money. Chloroform Just start telling people some girl is your girlfriend.  The relationship will last until the lie is uncovered, but until then... insta-gf.  And when she calls you out on it, you just respond with a smile and "Aww, our first fight as a couple".  Swoon. Find some girl with the baby fever and tell her you can make it happen. Dramatically lower your standards. Do you have game? No? Well fuck. a 60 foot digital signage that says "Girls Wanted" in front of the bedroom window. this will only work if you are somewhat attractive. Go up to every girl you see and ask for their number. Most will reject you, but eventually one will say yes Craigslist and lots of money. Create a Playbook. close down this browser window log off WOW or whatever and go out. 
go to some clubs start some local activities and meet some people. 

you may find someone online, but really how long do you see it lasting before you are back on here asking the same question again.

best to get out there 


** may have it wrong you may be active but some how i'm drawn to the conclusion you just stay at home playing games and on the net 

*sorry if im wrong ask someone out? and try again, if you fail. Go to a packed bar, and straight up ask every women their if they want to hang out/go on a date later. Eventually one of them has to say yes. [removed] If you one day you wake up and find out jesus was stealing your cookies, what would be your reaction?  Well I haven't tithed in a while so I would understand.  Plus one could say my cookies are Godly. I'd fire him and get another lawn-maintenance guy. I'd offer him some milk. I'm already going to have enough trouble getting past St. Peter. Might as well make some friends with parents in high places. lets say nobody else would come a cross him again...

T, T is for Turtle! How does the theme song to Doug go?  Doo dodo do do do do dah doo doo doo! 


Chicka uhm pa chicka chicka uhm pa! And I say HEY! What a wonderful kind of- wait, fuck, that's Arthur. Dooo-da-doo-da-do-da-do-da-do....something like that. Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo for the Nickelodeon one.
Wew-wew-wew-wew-wew-wew-wew for the Disney one. Boom Diddly Shappa Zappa zam! What is your favorite moment from an AMA?  The entire Woody Harrelson AMA. Jose Canseco is a close second. [Snoop Lion's first AMA had me in tears](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/14cb0c/im_snoop_lion_ask_me_anything/?sort=top/)

edit: Sort comments by Top for the best experience What's your hoarder story?  This guy I knew had a hoarder for a father. His father didn't pay his property tax on his house, so the city was seizing the house. On the last day before seizure, my friend asked me if I could help get some of his dad's stuff out. When we got there, the entire first floor was packed with boxes from floor to ceiling. There was a path from the front door to the upstairs, and there was a path to the basement door. He lived in the upstairs, so we went up to get his TV and clothes and stuff. The bed was like an island floating in a sea of trash, and the smell was wretched. I don't even want to think of what kind of trash I was stepping on. There were 2 liter bottles full of what was probably piss everywhere. My friend had to get something out of the basement, and I started going down there with him. The floor was covered with a white lumpy, chalky looking substance which turned out to be years of built up catshit. I have allot of stuff. I like clean work areas. I like work. I jam my shit. Everywhere. End story. I love to draw. I do my own little comics as a hobby. But not everyone I draw I can put in my little stories. And the adds up. I had binders and binders of just concept art of maybe just a head. Finally let a bunch of the stuff that wasn't the final product hit the trash. My mom is not a herder, per se. But she stores a lot of useless shit that she could not possibly need in a million years. I used to to pest control for a living, and since we had the local public housing agency as a client, I would frequently visit homes and apartments that were occupied by people who were hoarders but also old, ill, crippled, etc. Seeing a hoarder apartment was not an uncommon thing, and generally wasn't a huge problem as we would advise that a HASMAT-equipped contractor would be required to do the cleanup before any pest-related work could be done.

Anyways, one time I was called to a hoarder apartment where the tenant had passed away, and we were asked to do an initial inspection before HAZMAT contractors were to arrive and dispose of the contents. Family members of the deceased were present to claim property they wanted to save.

They told me that if we saw anything we thought we wanted, to let them know and we could probably take it.

I got a bunch of books, a brand new (still tagged) softball bat, and a giant envelope of stamps. 

I don't do much mailing, but having an endless supply of stamps has proved to be extremely valuable. I haven't paid to send an item in the mail since that day over 3 years ago. I have every single train ticket I've brought over the past 2 years and even tho the ones from the past six months are going to make me kinda sad for a while I probably won't get rid of them...

Not a major hoarder story but basically one none the less xD What's a stupid policy that's only around because it's long-standing?  You can't buy beer in Texas on Sunday. There's still a big list of states that ban the sale of alcohol on Sundays in some shape or form. Dunno about other places, but Indiana bans car sales as well for whatever reason An example for me is WebSense filters by employers. You filter a lot of stuff that I actually need to do my work better on occasion, ours has a strict no forum policy which can be aggravating when trying to look for a laymans terms explanation of something complex. 

Why are you hiring people that are so tempted by the Internet that they let their career be jeopardized. Plus I can justify browse on my phone anyways. Daylight Savings Time. federal income tax 

https://youtu.be/O6ayb02bwp0 How was your father's day with your father?  It was fantastic, we went to a Caribbean restaurant, ate good food and got pissed on tasty cocktails at 1 in the afternoon! We ate huge steaks, barbaqued, smoke, and drank. I had just gotten back from Mexico when my SO and my father picked me up. We went out to eat, my offer, and I paid. I get into the car and I fall asleep. I woke up the next day in my bed. Glared at each other and got into some petty arguments which he started. I don't get along with my parents, it's all of our faults, and I hate it. It was okay.  I wish Mother's day and Father's day weren't on Sundays so I didn't have to spend half of them driving home. Realistically, how many times would you apply for jobs for ?20k+ a year after graduation, before being accepted?  20k pounds? Thats like what... 5$ right now, right? It really depends on your degree. I don't know what that translates to in American dollars, but I interviewed with one company before even finishing school and was offered $55K a year. Within to years I bumped that up an addition $8K. I gave up after four years and went back to school. 

Granted this was 2008-12 and after graduating and finding a job that's at least marginally better I'd consider that a success. Civil Engineer... Probably 1 or 2. Maybe 9 I think I was really lucky. 
I applied for 1 job after uni and got it, been there 2 years now! What is the best thing you have seen at someone's house?  His sister naked A hoarder's house with an immaculately kept cat litter box for some odd reason. Boobs Arriving to a freshly delivered pizza and a freshly booted game console. What city in a developed region has the worst traffic grid?  Washington DC. Boston is just a giant clusterfuck Waukesha, I live there and it's like a spider web Lafayette, LA. Google that shit.

"Does Ambassador Caffery Pkwy run north and south or east and west?"

"Yes." Nashville, Tennessee. What facts are true for both Turkey in general and turkey's in general?  Neither are pluralized with an apostrophe. They both need planes to fly. OMG i really thought turkeys could fly! <--That's for you old farts like me! They aren't in the EU. They're both hunted in late November. They have the same number of letters. Both would prefer not being served for thanksgiving feast What non-scientific evidence do you have that vaccines cause autism?  All the anti-vaccine people were probably vaccinated as children. Crystals. A friend told me her friends uncles son knew someone who got autism that was probably caused from a vaccine I don't think it is possible for an *evidence* to be non-scientific.

Vaccines just don't cause autism, they never have, they never will. Pigeon entrails and the pattern of Aquarius horoscopes.

Also, an alien in a dream told me so. Aliens. Jenny McCarthy has a killer rack. I've been vaccinated, and I am autistic. What's a song that's obviously written with much emotion and passion?  Somewhere Over the Rainbow Tears in heaven - Eric Clapton Mother - Pink Floyd At Last - Etta James [David Blake](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPbKJpEAX7o) The Show Must Go On - Queen I like listening to piano music, and I've found Youtube to be a good source for this. One day I discovered a song called "Ending Theme", that had a very simple melody, but it was one of the saddest songs I had ever heard. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IG_FY3v0uWk

Apparently, it's used during the ending from a really sad anime movie called "5cm per Second," which follows a guy over the years and shows how sometimes love simply doesn't work out based on factors out of your control (time, distance, different expectations, etc.) Piano Man F**kin Problems / ASAP Rocky What is your best "it's a small world" experience?  The ride stopped moving and the song kept playing so all the figurines were staring at us and singing without their mouths moving.  It's was so creepy some kids started crying. Every time I travel somewhere I meet an old teacher or customer. Met my forth grade teacher in a small town on Vancouver Island 20 years ago when we both lived in central Canada.

Met my 7th grade literature teacher on a flight back from Chicago once about 5 years ago. Met a customer I had sold shoes to on a flight back from Vancouver too about 7 years ago when I worked at a shoe store.

There have been other run-ins all over Canada and the US. I've never been overseas, though. If I do I'm sure I'll run into someone else I know. I'm friends with people who went to elementary school with a former NFL player's son, and now that he's going to college, a guy I met thru twitter always tweets about him. I was visiting a college a few states away and saw someone from my somewhat small town there also touring Without knowing of each others wherabouts - a few years ago I ran into my cousin in Sacre-Coeur in Paris, where he lives in Uruguay an I live in USA. To be vacationing at the same time, in the same country, an be in the same site and on the same street, same spot. It was unbelievable. Saw someone that I hadn't seen in 4 years in Hawaii.

I live in New York. Met my best friend, let's call him Nick, in year 8 at an international school in Beijing. I was also close friends with another guy, Todd, at the same time. Naturally, the three of us got close and all became buddy buddies. One time during lunch, we were discussing our childhoods and it was then that they realised that they used to attend the same kindergarten in Singapore together, and used to be friends when they were mini humans. 

Nick and his family soon went to Japan for school after kindergarten, and Todd and his family went to Hong Kong. Their parents didn't know each other at the time either. Back in 03' I met a old classmate from middle school.This was while he was stationed at a Army water filtration post in the Euphrates river in Iraq. My platoon was in the middle of a Patrol and we stopped for water. Started talking to one of the guys on post and he looked familiar. Asked him were he was from and he said Miami, and i was like oh no shit, me too! You look familiar what school you go to? Not the same HS, then he said did you go to Ruben Dario Middle school? And I just stood there, Holy shit you're (inset name) ?! Damn! we had a good laugh about it, few minutes later moved on with the patrol. I have never seen or heard from him again. Very, very random given the circumstances. When I went to college, I met this girl and we hit it off pretty quick. We went back to her place and promptly "chilled". The next afternoon, I was eating lunch with some friends when my dad called and says "you are not to see [girl's name] again." I asked how the hell he could possibly know that I slept with this chick. Turns out, the girl was his boss's daughter. Ran into one of my acquaintances from a suburban high school in a pub in London 3ish years after graduating. Turns out our study abroad terms overlapped. I found out that my first high school crush was my second cousin, once removed.

Her mom was giving me a ride home, and she said, "Oh hey, this used to be my grandpa's house." And I was like, "Wait... this used to be *my* grandpa's house..." When one day I'm in Dorne helping an old lady get revenge, and the day after I'm on a boat that departed from another continent. I grew up in Northern Ontario. Not a very Multicultural area. My 4th grade teacher was Asian. His name was Mr. Sum.  About a year later as my family was in Toronto for a weekend getaway, and me and my sister took a walk to a nearby McDonald's and we saw Mr. Sum sitting there on his own eating a burger and drinking a drink. We were stunned. We waved and said hi and he waved back. We couldn't believe the coincidence.

Now that I'm 40 and I look back... I wonder if it was just some random Asian guy wondering why these white kids were waving at him. I was in an internship in Japan and visiting the Pok?mon center in Ikebukuro Tokyo on a Saturday. I just happened to meet a friend of mine who also worked in Japan at that time. That was quite some luck to meet him in that Pok?mon center, especially since he was in Yokohama and therefore seldom in Tokyo. Met up again every week, watched Pok?mon movie together and had some great fun! I used to encounter a girl from highscool a year younger than me in very weird places and situations. I never talked to her, but we knew each other by sight. We saw at least in three different states and that was very weird. Then I finished highscool and I haven't seen her since. I met my best friend on Craigslist almost four years ago (looking for a roommate). We later found  out that she went to high school on the same street that my grandparents lived and that I spend a lot of time at growing up (in a completely separate city 3 hours away). Even creepier, I didn't grow up in either of those cities, but a third small town even farther away. We just recently found out that I dated a guy who was in her dad's boy scout troop (as children) AND my oldest brother works at the same bank has her mom, both as IT professionals. 

Our lives had so many overlaps that we must have been destined to meet up. I was at Bonnaroo in 2014 telling a friend of mine how I got into an argument with Wayne Coyne from The Flaming Lips on his Instagram and that I wish I could apologize to him because I was just being a prick. Someone tapped on my shoulder and said "it's all good man, we all have our bad days". I turned around and it was him. He's a nice dude, I'm glad I got to apologize for being such a prick to someone I didn't know. Moved to Europe in 3rd grade and in 5th grade we had a new student who happened to be in my 2nd grade class... When I was in Berlin last year I went to this charity event that was sort of the brainchild of this very respected human in the community. They gave out stickers as well.

5 months later, I go to Myanmar with a friend to do another charity event and one of my donations had said sticker on it. A German guy was also there, he noticed the sticker and looked very surprised. Apparently, the respected human was sort of a mentor figure and very close to this guy I met in Myanmar, and the best part is he wasn't even supposed to be in Myanmar, and he was only there to extend his visit to Thailand.

Pretty cool My school had a senior class trip to Hawaii, I later saw one of the flight attendents on American Ninja Warror.

**Edit:** [This guy.](https://youtu.be/2VZZ-5NtY0k)

**Edit Edit:** [Here's him running the course.](https://youtu.be/Za96HZs_DQo) Ex-gf went to a job interview after we'd moved cross country. In the office was a magazine clipping win a picture of me, and the guy interviewing her was friends with her ex-bf. My cousin's husband and my Brother-in-law knew each other through Scouting.  
They were attending a mutual friend's wedding at a resort in Mexico.  
While husband was off doing water-skiing or something, my cousin and my BIL, who had just met for the first time were having lunch together.  
The discussion came around to, "Any kids?"  
BIL said, "No, but I have a nephew named Quinn." 
Cousin: "Oh! My cousin has a son named Quinn."

Same Quinn, small world. This happened when I was a freshman in college.

I attended high school in New Hampshire. I went to college in Indiana and one of my best friends from high school went to college in Pennsylvania.

While she was in PA, she started dating a guy from Kentucky. I looked at his profile on Facebook and saw a familiar face in one of his photos.

That familiar face was a guy that lived on my floor in college in IN. He was from KY and best friends with the KY guy that my NH friend was dating in PA at the time.

Two pairs of close friends, two colleges, four states. I used to raid a lot in WoW and out of the blue I recognise the cashier's voice as our raid leader. I went to middle school, high school and college with a girl in two different states, yet we were never particularly good friends. People of Reddit who have used pepper spray, what happened?  I was flicking the safety just for fun and sprayed it in my face. Satans balls proceeded to be dragged against my eyeballs I sprayed it on some food and ate it, throat swole up pretty bad. I borrowed my moms car to meet some friends at taco bell. Well my mom happened to work in a rough part of town at the time and happened to carry pepper spray on her keys. 

Long story short one of my idiot friends decided that pepper spray was basically weaponized hot sauce and decided to try it on his taco. He described the flavor as "Really spicy spray paint" I was filling up my gas, some crackhead came up to me asking if I could give him $50 because of some made up story that was obviously rehearsed. I told him I didn't have any cash, which was the truth, then he asked me to go to the ATM. I told him I could give him the change in my cup holder, but that's it. Then when I tried to leave, he got aggressive and tried to force his way into my car. So I gave him a little spritz. I saved money, but in the end it wasn't worth it. Went back to pepper flakes for all my dietary needs. In the Philippines it is a habit that we place backpacks in front of us to avoid being picked pocketed. What other countries also has this habit?  it then become a chestpack! People caught masturbating, how did you hide it or distract the person?  Theres no hiding it. If your caught your caught. *Looks you right in the eyes.*

*"You know what I was doing, so kindly fuck off and never talk of this."*

*A word is never spoken.* I didn't.  I let her watch... It's a little long, so read the TL;DR if you're not interested.

A little background: I'm notorious for being a deep sleeper. I've literally slept through fire alarms (although they were set off by idiots in my dorm). I also like to masturbate without porn - just pure bodily pleasure without sexual attraction to anyone - Me Time. And I like to masturbate on Fridays after I'm done with all my classes - just as a little treat. Can't resist playing with my baby maker.

Got caught masturbating in my bunk bed when my door lock turns and my roommate R and his girlfriend G walk in. Immediately, I become still and pretend to be asleep even though I'm on the verge of orgasm. R softly whispers my name and I don't move - my pyjamas are literally tied around my ankles (a slight fetish) and the only thing stoping them from seeing my upright flag is a flimsy blanket.

I'm sure they never realised I was awake. R proceeded to hammer G for the next four hours and they were so loud I couldn't fall asleep. G also makes the weirdest high-pitched noises while having sex while R grunts like he's a fucking two cylinder motor. Pretty sure G comes 4-5 times while R manages to control himself while going down on her just to prevent himself from coming. And they repeat. Again. And again.....

At around 12 pm (about four hours later), both leave and I scramble to untie my pyjamas, change underwear and use tissues to clean myself the best I can. Get back in bed in the nick of time when both R & G walk in, giggling. I pretend to groggily wake up and asked G when she came in a confused I'm-still-asleep voice. She says "Oh, I can't recall, just an hour or two back" with a shit-eating grin on her face as he looked at a sheepish R.

God fucking damn it, G. I did not need to hear that (even if you didn't know

And that's the night I proceeded to get smashed at a frat party, despite not liking alcohol. At the moment, I'd do anything to get out of the room & give them their time - I did not want to pretend to go back to sleep just for them to start (again).

God damn it, I've never been able to fap again without that episode in my head. Being a member of /r/NoFap has never been easier.

And I've still managed not to tell him when he jokes that he could literally bring a jackhammer into the room when I'm sleeping. Resisting the urge to tell him he's already done that. Mad respect, though - he's really got insane stamina.

**TL;DR - Pretended to be asleep when roommate & his gf walk in. They proceed to play with each other for the next 4 hours. I pretend to not notice a thing and discretely slip away to get smashed on vodka while he smashes his gf.** i exploded into their eye I cum in their eyes. What are you best at? What specific thing makes you better than others at it?  Cooking. I can be great at it. Problem solving. As it turns out, being too shy to ask questions ever and being incapable of reading between the lines sets you up for some interesting thought problems to practice on. That's basically been my life I guess. i'm the best at carpet bombing. my friends don't get nearly as much collateral damage as i do. Which celebrity do you love that people generally hate?  RiFF RAFF. I fell in love with his personality before his music, but I soon fell in love with the music too. He's so misunderstood. Noam Chomsky What are your irrational fears?  Being buried alive. I don't know why, but I am terrified of groups of lady bugs. If there are more than three together I can't go near the area. In the fall my door and walls of my house on the outside are often covered in lady bugs. It's awful. Butterflies and moths also scare me, something about their erratic fluttering and large wings freak me out I have a huge irrational fear of everything with an exoskeleton. That noise bugs with exoskeletons make every time they run into a wall gives me chills. Being killed by someone that i know and trust. Idk i think i had a bad dream about it. Ever since than i keep my eyes and ears open. Abandonment and loneliness I don't know why, but I'm scared of the dark. I'm a grown ass adult, dammit! ^^I ^^don't ^^know ^^how ^^it ^^happened. I'm a competitive swimmer, and I'm always scared that I'm gonna get hit in the head by an errant water polo ball/a teammate's hand/the wall and get knocked out and drown before anyone notices.

Also, I'm fucking terrified of snapping turtles. Dark windows. Like, when it's dark outside so I can't see out but it's dark inside so someone could see in. And they could be watching me without me knowing. It's infinitely worse when I'm home alone. Being downvoted. What 'good' thing do all people pretend they do, but don't?  Washing their hands Wipe after pooping Shave their actual asshole? Give to charity

Cashier "Would you like to donate a dollar to [insert charity]"

person "No, I donated last time"

Bullshit 90% of the time. Tattoo artists/piercers of Reddit, what are some of your best stories?  Fat girl came in to get her belly button pierced. My piercer found a cheeto in her belly button. It was white and it seemed that it had been there long enough to either be washed, or her skin had absorbed all the cheese and color. She did not get pierced that day. Also, Marines faint a lot while getting tattooed. Redditors who are neighbors from hell, what do you do?  I don't think they realize who they are and dont think theyre doing anything wrong. Sing on the Smule app at 3AM. I'm not sure if they can hear it because all our windows are closed with the AC on. The place isn't exactly sound proof though because I can hear neighbors' TV or their sink and what not. I am a neighbor from hell because these little shit stains from next door run around and throw rocks at my windows and when I call the cops they tell me no crime has been committed. I'm a real asshole. Steal his girlfriend after he beat her. If they knew what they were doing to be a "neighbour from hell" I don't think they would do it. I'm going to believe that no one would be that person knowingly. Someone just heard Acid Eiffel and couldn't stop listening to it on repeat for a week, what other atmospheric Acid House music are people oblivious to?  What is a question that has never been asked before on Reddit?  How do I get platypus shit out of my pubes? What is Forrest Whitaker's favorite brand of bubble bath soap? Would you please stop sucking my dick or I'm gonna call the police?

I'm miss George Carlin so much. How long does an ant sex lasts? *...anyone?* Pathetic Losers of Reddit, why did you stay with that scumbag cheater? How do I get rid of all this karma? This one *mind blown* People who have met their SO's parents, What was the most embarrassing, nightmarish first encounter?  I wouldn't say "nightmarish" but the first time I met my now MIL, she told me she doesn't like kids, and never really wanted to be a mother. 

My now husband just replied, "Ok, thanks Mom." 

She didn't back down. She just talked about how hard it is to be a mother and it's not something she was really cut out for, and she's so glad my husband (her only child) is an adult now, so she can be free. 

My (now) husband then went on his own little tirade about how his mom was never there for him and he was all alone for the majority of his childhood so it's not like she ever was a mother anyway...

To be fair, this lady did have to support a child in a third world country and my husband's father abandoned them so she had a very difficult life...but it still wasn't a great first impression. If you won $500M what percentage of it would you give to charity?  None. I'd use it to fund investments and start businesses. Once I'd built up a stable income, I'd start donating and doing philanthropy work. That'll result in a larger net donation in the long run. However much the government lets me to reduce taxes on it.  They are going to take the money anyways so might as well choose where it goes and who it helps. 0 10% probably -10% None. Id start my own. If I had that much money, I'd probably start a foundation that did charitable work on its own. About half when I get it and the rest when I die.  It's not like I'd want to spend even close to that much money on anything. 100%, I'd quit my dayjob to become a philanthropist and run my own charity. Charity starts at home. I'm too greedy to give up my money 100% none and the best thing is that here in canada you get to keep all your winnings. none i could help local vets around without most of the charities that want to keep 60-70% of the donations.... Redditors that have attended "Coder Bootcamps" such as Dev Bootcamp, Hack Academy, or App Academy, how was your experience? Has the decision worked out for you? [Serious]  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Software dev with BS in computer science lurking. I did not go through these but know someone who has. 

These types of things will teach you the surface of development, but its like a rotting shell. You may know how to do one thing or build one kind of app, but if things have to change you have no foundation to build on. 

Honestly I would suggest skipping these kinds of bootcamps and go onto iTunes U and watch the Stanford lectures on computer science. They're great and will teach you many important fundamentals. 

Yes the fundamentals are boring but they're incredibly important. These camps go straight to the fun stuff (which can be beneficial by keeping your interest) but will destroy you in the long run. 

The guy I mentioned had these big ideas of starting his own game company and whatnot after his coding bootcamp, now he works at Walmart in the lawn and garden section and is many thousands of dollars poorer. 

Looking through his code it was obvious he wasn't taught good practices, or the foundations of object oriented programming, or design patterns like MVC or MVVM. He was taught to hack things together and make it work, not how to build a strong foundation. [SERIOUS] What scares the hell out of you but you wouldn't ever tell your parents about it?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Ever had a good long think about your parents while tripping? Would not recommend. When is it good to panic?  At the Disco, I'd say. IMO never Generally when the weather is fair; sunny, not too hot/cold, with little wind. NOW!!! RIGHT NOW!!!!! If Trump wins. Everything's on fire. Panic is a natural reaction so I'd say it's quite helpful in many situations involving danger. 

It triggers the Fight/Flight reaction which could safe your life. After your ride leaves you and your rival space ranger at a gas station.

SOURCE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXu6lQqhieA When the wings fall off When you've most your hitchhiker's guide t?t the Galaxy. Anyone know of a reliable site to rent a GoPro and accessories for my upcoming honeymoon?  [Serious]which musician/band is the most flawless on studio album, and the most talent-less at their live show?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Spoon. Young The Giant.

I was really excited to see them live and their show just left me incredibly dissappointed. Reddittors with PhDs, what is your thesis about?  In a more broad sense, my PhD is about dank memes. Specifically, I focus on  the life and death of memes. I have studied the beginnings of memes on 4chan, Reddit, and shamefully 9gag. All memes appear to die when shared by Buzzfeed or UNILAD. 

I also get lots of chicks, that's another specialty. How imagination out of necessity is far less potent than 'creative' imagination.

i.e. People writing their PhD thesis often think up ways of stealing the ideas of others, rather than coming up with their own original thesis subject. What's your worst vacation story?  My boyfriend and I finished our contract at a summer camp in Catalina. We decided to celebrate our first anniversary on in Avalon. We had to take a bus, which broke down on the side of a cliff. The brakes didn't work so it was super sketch, so all that was holding us was the emergency brake. Then we get to the hotel and can't check in because the fire alarm keeps on going off. We were supposed to check in at 11 but weren't able to check in until 5. Then we went to this fancy restaurant on the shoreline. I accidentally spilled my drink on myself. We get back to the hotel and my boyfriend and I both had major food poisoning. Our vacation was awful but managed to still be together 3 years later. My sister decided to have a "destination wedding". I.E., your paying to go on a cruise that you don't want to. I hate cruises. It's like being locked in a shitty mall for a week.

Anyway, the ship stopped in Mexico and I decided I would try to do something I liked, fishing.

To make a long story short, I was dropped off in bfe by a Mexican cab, almost arrested for fishing in a preserve, and then had to hitchhike back to the port.

I then rented a scooter. I made it about 3 blocks before getting side swiped by a taxi and knocked the fuck out.

I had to pay for the scooter, and for visiting the ship's doctor. I had just recently met the woman who is now my wife. We had spent 3 months planning and saving for a nice week long vacation in the beach, had the reservations made for a beach cabin and everything. We were tight on money because my family had just lost the house and we were just starting to get back on our feet so we were looking forward to rest and enjoy some time alone together stress free. We made the 6 hours trip... got to the beach, unpacked and opened a beer. The minute I placed my butt on the chair to enjoy my first beer in months, my brother called me crying to tell me our father just had an hemorrhagic cerebrovascular accident and had been rushed to the emergency room. Went to Disneyland for the first time earlier this year.  Got sick upon arrival.  Tried to power through it since it was a pretty expensive trip.  Wandered around in a nauseous daze.  Tons of things were closed (Haunted Mansion, Splash Mountain, Matterhorn Bobsleds).  Went on California Screamin' and had a pounding migraine after exiting the ride.  I thought my head was going to explode. Punta Cana, Dominican Republic.

Beautiful area, we stayed in a resort called The Grand Palladium Punta Cana Resort. It sat on both Punta Cana and Bavaro. So we get there, place is immaculate with beautiful landscape, beautiful weather, clean beach. As an American, you are a minority as far as the tourists. I didn't feel too welcome but fuck it, its my vacation. 

It was all inclusive, and we would drink all day and I'd only get a buzz. Food was okay but the service wasn't good. The servers were very rude. Thats all things I can get by though, the room cleaning was awful, we only had our room cleaned maybe twice in the 6 days we were there. 

The worst part was there is someone selling stuff in every corner, which we kind of knew going in, but the people we knew had it happen to said it was very easy to brush them aside. Not for us though, they would directly stand in your walking path, get in your face, and was stupidly scammed out of $100 dollars. The beach seemed to be the only escape from them but they'd set up shop every 10 feet of the beach and made it impossible to even migrate to the water.

The flight home was the best, though. So I'm from the Boston suburbs. On our way down we had a connecting flight to JFK, the from there to Punta Cana. On the way back though, we had a flight to Atlanta, and then to Boston. The flight to Atlanta would be almost 4 hours, while to Boston would be just shy of 3 hours, with only 50 minutes to go through customs, get our bags, re-check them, get our boarding passes, and catch the plane. We were switched to fly into JFK and then to Boston, which would be half the flight time the previous would be, because JFK and Boston is a 40 minute flight.

So we fly into JFK, we're supposed to be 10 minutes early which would give us an hour and a half to get everything situated. We circle for a bit, it was really foggy, and finally get ready to land. Well fuck me, the plane takes off in mid air again and goes like 20 minutes north, comes back to circle AGAIN, and then finally touches down, we only have 40 minutes to get off the plane, customs, the whole shebang. So they go to the terminal and let us off immediately, knowing my girlfriend and I had to catch a plane, along with a few other people too. We get to customs, get in line for it and see the passengers who DIDN'T get off early already get their bags!!! We were furious but they told us we had not chance of getting to the other side of the airport. So we get our bags, go to the Delta kiosk and they have a flight at La Guardia about an hour 15 from the time. We said we'll take it and get us there pronto. They give us a voucher for the taxi, we finally get in, guy was one of the nicest guys in the world, but I lost the fucking voucher somehow. I paid him well even though he told us to give him whatever we wanted. We get dropped off, get our ticket with a pinch in time to get there, our bags won't make the trip home though but we had all of our essentials, it was just clothes. With a minor error in the computer system, we finally went through a dead security line which was great. We booked it, my shoes were falling off, hearing the final call to our plane over the intercom and we are still far away. We get there as they are about to close the doors and they let us in before they did. Got on our plane and were home!!!

Worst vacation and worst travel of my life, I couldn't wait to get home and would stop at nothing to do that, I have never been so relieved to be home in my entire life. My family used to go to Myrtle Beach (original, I know!) every year for a week. One year, though, we went for two weeks instead. I thought it'd be awesome. Except the extra week we were there was the same week the hotel was hosting a laryngectomy conference. There were stomas everywhere. Some were right out in the open with no care in the world, but some were more cleverly hidden behind jewelry or cigarettes. 


I spent an entire week with the most confusing boners of my life. Vacation time is early for the me last year and I go for vacation in april to the recommended place in southern Portugal Algarve that is very beach like and very sun and hot like for the chill. However the weather wasn't to help my vacation because the rain is there all the times and the cold not too cold but cold is still cold is there and very unpleasant and the vacation is ruined stayed inside the hotel for many times before the vacation returned home. What is the most life changing place that you've been to?  The hospital, I was born Vista Bridge. Portland, Oregon.

My friend jumped off this bridge our freshman year. I visited it about three days after she jumped and I can't say that things are the same at all. 

She was bullied a lot in school and nobody knew it was happening because she was so quiet about it. She generally seemed like a very happy person. 

But two weeks before she took her own life, one of my best friends shot himself in the chest with a rifle. It kind of broke her heart because they really liked each other. I believe that had some influence on her decision.

Either way, I miss those two a lot. Being on the bridge that day made me realize that people are puzzle pieces. They have edges and a unique personality and once you lose them their spot in the puzzle is empty. I won't ever take my friends for granted. There the in Island on azores is one Vulcano that is over since many times ago. When you go to there in the morning when the sun is growing and light is being more bright, you can see the sea from the high of the volcano and the light sun comes down to the sea and the reflection is very nice and you see the green field that fills the cone which goes down from the high of the volcano and the contrast can very beautiful and nice photograph. 10/10 would recommend. The Louvre. The Cliffs of Moher in Ireland. While I was planning my trip, I kept looking at pictures of those cliffs. When I finally got to see them in real life, I was overwhelmed emotionally. I felt so small and a little intimidated and just really, really awed. Pictures just don't do it justice.

It's a touristy place, but for good reason. I didn't even notice the other people around me when I sat on the grass near the edge and just took it all in. PoundTown, just wish I'd taken more pictures. Funeral home. As a Muslim, Mecca Seattle. I now wanna ditch Pittsburgh for it Bonnaroo. It probably source clich?, but I left all of my mentally baggage at home when I went there. I found myself and learned what I want in life because of that weekend. Alaska was pretty spectacular Venezuela.

My wife and I went there for the Christening of her brother's babies in 1998 while Hugo Chavez was initially running for President.  My brother-in-law had married a Venezuelan woman from a wealthy family there.  He was a highly placed US military officer.

We started the vacation in Caracas.  It was a fairly pretty city but the wealth divide was very, very obvious.

Then after the christening my BIL took us to an oceanside resort that was only for government and military.  We had to go through some really scary military checkpoints but when BIL would whip out his credentials we would breeze right past the guys with the machine guns.

At the resort there were maybe 30 total guests and probably 200 employees working.  It was simply insane the level of opulence. 

But the most life changing aspect was passing whole families on the side of the road that were *naked* standing near a banana tree and holding up a bunch of bananas just trying to get someone to give them any money.

I have traveled but never that far off the beaten path and to see the juxtaposition of that level of abject poverty against against the gluttony of the rich was by far the most off-putting thing I have ever seen.

I think everyone in a first-world country should have to travel to a third-world country so they can truly understand the privilege they were born into and maybe, just maybe, they would start to understand what drives the desire to immigrate.  It isn't drugs.  It isn't to bring crime to your country.

As a father, as a mother - how hard is it to understand that it is for a better life - for them and their children.

As an American, where there is almost 30,000 square miles PER citizen it seems criminal (or at a minimum morally reprehensible) that we aren't willing to help other human beings on this planet that need and want a better life. The Holocaust Exhibit at the Imperial War Museum, London.

The professor who ran our study abroad class told us to check out this exhibit first, because it was depressing and it was best to get it out of the way, but they also noted how it was extremely well put together and emotionally powerful.

"Emotionally powerful" didn't do this exhibit justice. I've never seen another exhibit like it. It's a long and lengthy journey that takes about 45 minutes to complete, but I found myself taking my time and trying to absorb everything I possibly could. Some personal highlights included a massive diorama of Auschwitz, Nazi propaganda posters, and striped uniforms. 

From a design standpoint, the exhibit was laid out in a masterful way and all of the information presented was well-told and detailed. 

By the end of it I definitely felt numb...but in a way that wasn't entirely bad. I'd never come out of a museum exhibit feeling numb albeit enlightened.

If you find yourself in London, then the Holocaust exhibit's a must. Granted, the rest of the museum is interesting, but this particular part of it is something I won't be forgetting any time soon. Mobile users, what's the sentence you type if you only use the recommended words above your keyboard?  The old saying that a person who liked Bunny lived in the castle and the only new information came through the TV show up in the moonlight. Manley the best way to get the address from your mom I am so that I can be sex to the new York You horny Vietnam war I would love to date on the phone later in life and in the car is that skateboard that you were on the phone later this week so I can do you. N?o sei se ? poss?vel que os outros dois dias de trabalho que tenho de fazer. The only thing that I have to be able to get the best thing ever is a great way to get a job Hey man. He is the most part, I have been in a while. Haha. but the best way for me to be the first to review this booking confirmation for the rest. I am going to be a little bit painful when I get the latest version of my life. What is your ONE regret so far in life?  Her. I'd like to be someone else Worrying about marks in early grades The way I handled my last breakup. I was very clingy and followed him around school and blew up his phone. If I would have just let him be and gave him space we might have stayed on good terms Lighting up and puffing on that first cigarette when I was 17. Almost 22 now and have been without one for almost 3 months. Would've taken my physical health more seriously as a kid I wish I would have taken schooling more seriously and used that to find a better career. Being such a failure. Law school. 

Six figures of debt that can't be discharged is a hell of an albatross. Getting a felony. Just saw the prettiest girl I've ever seen in the subway......I did nothing about it. What is something you get wrong every time you do it?  Childbirth Rock, scissors, paper... Spell the word necessary. That. USB. Connector. Picking a reddit threat to comment on before it gets big... Every time the song "she got it all" by Kenny Chesney comes on I sing the chorus too soon. Parking. I always have to try two or three times to get lined up correctly. Plus my vehicle is often too long for the parking spaces and I have to decide to either be an asshole and stick out into the driving passage or be an asshole and take up some of the space in front of me Marriage apparently Human Interaction Putting USB in. Aerials in Rocket League Maths,  I had three subjects I was terrible at in school, first was english and 4th is math Talking to girls. My whole romantic life has been one disappointment after another. Relationships. sex The lock to my dorm room turns the opposite way one would think. Turning it away from the bolt closes the bolt, turning it toward the bolt unlocks it. Im not used to this so I always mess it up Women not being ugly If I on the computer to do the things I need to print, the printer is connect in the wifi and I sadly have to set printer settings the all times I want to use it, that is very simple to do but I so it wrong very normally. Angry redditors, what (or who) has fucked you over recently?  The new GM of the warehouse I work in has been fucking all the supervisors since he got here.

In September of last year, my supervisor got fired for having an affair with an employee, so I stepped in and started doing his job. We worked the weekend shift(this will become important later). They asked me to be an acting supervisor until they could get the supervisor position posted and they I could apply for it.

Well, three months later, the position still hasn't been posted and they ask me to switch to a different department and different shift, I said I would and a week later I was in charge of a new department. However, now there are no supervisors on the weekend shift so each supervisor has to take turns coming in on the weekend. 

At first, this wasn't too bad, it was only once a month for a 6 hour shift. However, in the 6 months since this started, 4 more supervisors have quit and none of their jobs  have been filled. 

So, now the situation is that we have to come in for the weekend shift every other weekend, plus cover multiple departments during the week.  They also never posted the jobs so I'm still an hourly employee and have to work twice as much as all the other supervisors to make the same pay. 

Every week we have a staff meeting with all the supervisors and we ask him when the jobs will be filled, for the past 2 months his answer is "next week we will have them posted so people can apply". This has never happened. [Serious] What have the russians really done, to deserve all that hate from the western world?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* In a series of secret memos sent back to Washington, described to me by several current and former U.S. officials who have written or read them, diplomats reported that Russian intruders had broken into their homes late at night, only to rearrange the furniture or turn on all the lights and televisions, and then leave. One diplomat reported that an intruder had defecated on his living room carpet.

In Moscow, where the harassment is most pervasive, diplomats reported slashed tires and regular harassment by traffic police. Former ambassador Michael McFaul was hounded by government-paid protesters, and intelligence personnel followed his children to school. The harassment is not new; in the first term of the Obama administration, Russian intelligence personnel broke into the house of the U.S. defense attache in Moscow and killed his dog, according to multiple former officials who read the intelligence reports.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/global-opinions/russia-is-harassing-us-diplomats-all-over-europe/2016/06/26/968d1a5a-3bdf-11e6-84e8-1580c7db5275_story.html 1st. they are pretty hostile in general. the government treats their citizens like crap

2nd. cold war. while the whole war was stupid, russia was a pretty big asshole during that debacle

3rd. Their invasion of Ukraine Nothing of current value besides the invasion of Ukraine which is looked down upon in the west. The russian culture is misunderstood in the west and assholes want reasons to be mad at something. Their leader keeps Putin his nose in other people's business When you say "the Russians" you probably mean the government of Russia? I'm not aware of a pervasive hatred in the West of the Russian people. [Serious]Why do you think the world is messed up and what can you do to fix it?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Reality tv. So many people want to emulate what they see. Even when they can't afford it or it is just plain nonsense. women have you ever took advantage of a guy who was extremely attracted by you ?  Definitely. Nothing super malicious. But I've let guys take me on nice dates and gift me things. Often from my wish list on Amazon. Hey, you wanna spend a bunch of your money on my because you think I'm hot without getting to know me....that's on you. [SERIOUS] Americans of Reddit, what is your opinion of Edward Snowden?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* he should be given a hero's welcome home. the man sacrificed his cushy life to inform americans about their privacy being infringed, and he deserves to be heralded instead of hated If you are a traitor to your country then I feel like you should be a man and face the penalties instead of run and hide in another country. I'm glad he released the information and hope he never sees a courtroom/prison (for anything related to the data leaks). He is a hero and a true patriot. The way we have treated him as a whistle-blower is shameful. He's a shining example of a person who knows the difference between wrong and right and more specifically, acts in a way that is consistent with that knowledge. That he broke the law to point out the government's own law breaking actions is irrelevant to me. An American hero. He shouldn't be facing charges, they should give him the medal of freedom. Snowden's reveals gave credence and legitimacy to the surveillance programs many of us (myself included) thought existed, but could never prove. His breaking the law to expose a corrupt government is the single most American act I can think of.

Edward Snowden acted more like one of the founding fathers than any president ever has (Washington, Jefferson, Adams, Monroe don't count because they're actual founding fathers.) The founders of this country willingly broke the law because they believed that the way the people were being treated was unfair. Snowden exercised his right to free speech as I see it, and did nothing wrong. The man should go down alongside the greats. i dont really care anymore. the government can know what i do, i dont care I think he's become the first of figurehead of transparency in the Information Age. People really don't have a grasp on what your data is just yet, I think and his actions will likely spurn leaks from not only government agencies but cooperations as well. Grateful for forcing some sort of transparency. I think it was probably a good idea that he ran because as soon as he comes back he'll be in some serious trouble. What conspiracy theory would you create and spread just to screw with people?  The Cosmopolitan magazine purposely gives terrible relationship advice to women keeping them single and subscribed. Finland isn't real. Think about it. Have you ever met someone from Finland? No. Have any of your friends ever been to Finland? No. Have you met anyone on the internet claiming to be from Finland? Exactly! Finland is a fictitious place made up by nerds on the internet. Saying "I'm from Finland" is like the cool internet nerd way of saying "I spend a lot of time online." Selfie culture was started by the NSA as a way to develop a face/body database of the entire human population and associated black mail material with dick pics. Dihydrogen Monoxide is in all of our taps Canada is really called Canadia. That social media is just a tool to keep everybody distracted while government slowly takes over every facet of our life.  Oh wait. That doesn't seem to far off. Or did I just get myself? Trump and Hillary have been fucking for years. 
It'd be funny until the pictures came out. WiFi causes cancer. That there's a secret organisation, let's call them the institute replacing people with robots There's a random screw in 1 of every 339,811 jar of Jiff peanut butter, and they didn't do a recall. Reddit is run by the NSA in order to create an accurate profile of our personalities. would say end of the world but that's been passed around four times already The current conspiracies already do a good enough job of that ~~I'm a Freemason, we don't have any conspiracies~~

Uh, nothing, nothing. Carry on Hondas are so reliable because eventually everyone will have one once they switch car brands and the cars never ever die Everytime you send facebook game requests, you're sharing all of your computer info to the NSA database. Gun manufacturers are paying politicians to come up with anti-gun laws, and right-wing groups to spread fear of guns being taken away. If a law gets passed banning a certain type of part, such as California and NY banning pistol grips, then a company like [Thordsen Customs](http://www.thordsencustoms.com/frs-15-rifle-stock/frs-15-stock-kits/) makes a bundle off a new type of stock that  doesn't impair performance whatsoever. Hell the San Bernardino shooters didn't use those Thordsen stocks. Plus the "2nd amendment advocates" are nothing more than fanboys. Just look at the guns and attachments used by the military, versus what civilians have. Do you really think that the military is going to use [something like this?](http://s28.postimg.org/qc2f7c9v1/1553004_10153650618460504_171569691_n.jpg). The gun industry knows these people are gullible and will believe anything they hear. Hell, just look at the fact that somebody is actually selling [pork laced bullets](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/06/22/pork-laced-bullets-designed-to-send-muslims-straight-to-hell_n_3480150.html). Kids believe most things teachers tell them if the story is suitably complicated and well explained.  I have made several up over the years.

My favourite is that a group of land billionaires are behind global warming as they have bought huge tracks of land which will become the next generations resort locations. The Game of Thrones has two different scripts for next season.  The outcome of the US election will determine which one they film. Brexit isn't actually happening.  it is merely a ploy from the EU to absorb the UK to sink the GBP and adopt the Euro.  The end-game strategy has never been to permanently remove the UK, but to absorb it and "Brexit" is just the means to justify the end. Jesus christ was a time traveling doctor-magician. Based on reality, if I published a study of 12 total subjects and found a link between couples having sex in the missionary position and autism, I could probably get 10% of America to refuse to look at each other when having sex The reason Obama bowed to the king of Saudia Arabia is because Obama's secretly a Fanatic Muslim Wahhabist, and is funded by the Saudis to bring the US to its downfall. 
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/barackobama/5128171/Barack-Obama-criticised-for-bowing-to-King-Abdullah-of-Saudi-Arabia.html 9/11 did Bush

That's right, took him out to dinner, back to the hotel, and went to town. Bernie is a part of Scientology I once got wrote a "news article" for a facebook group secretly detailing the plot of Metal Gear. No one caught it and most still believe it. modern rap music was created by the government to glorify dangerous and stereotypical behavior in order to keep poor african american communities in poverty or in the system Cats are incredibly poisonous and can kill with a single touch. Even breathing the air near them can cause illness.

Cue millions of sobbing people fleeing from their cute kitties with their nose and mouth covered. Trump is sacrificing himself to help Hillary win the election. Is there any way to legally make my mentally and emotionally abusive parents leave me alone forever?  Tell them to stop contacting you.  Follow that up with a statement that any further contact from them constitutes harassment.  If they continue, get a restraining order.

They'll probably come up with something stupid like 'but we're your parents, what if cousin Jeb dies or something and we really really need to get a hold of you?'.  That's when you create an email account solely for the purpose of them getting a message to you in the event of an emergency.  Don't give the email address to anyone other than them, and you can check it when you feel like dealing with their shit.  Also tell them that if they abuse it, you'll delete it. Restraining order. Alternatively, move somewhere, change all your numbers, remove them from social media. Disappear into the shadows, become a ghost. It's the same as anyone else if you're not a minor, once you're 18 they have no legal right to be in your life any more or less than a random person. Get a restraining order, but in that case I guess you would have to prove harassment or abuse. I would ask /r/legaladvice, or better yet a real lawyer, but /r/legaladvice is cheaper, and not a bad place to start. Not sure of your situation but /r/RaisedbyNarcissists might be of help How old are you? Move and and block all contact. How old are you and what are they doing to you As others have mentioned, you can get a restraining order which will quickly go ignored... so then you notify the police they will be arrested for violating the restraining order and they will take it far more seriously. Tell your parents you have been saving up and you are planning a huge family get away, all expenses paid trip for them for a week in a beautiful "paradise." But tell them they CANNOT contact you about it or ask about it until you have it all setup and together. Tell them to stay on their toes and just silently wait, but if ANYONE contacts and asks about it you'll pull the plug. You've been wanting to do this and planning it for more than 2 years, and you really don't want it ruined, so tell them seriously "just don't contact me until I give out the details" and then just never contact them again.
problem solved, because if they contact you, they lose out. cut their throats while they sleep What would be the best memes from previous centuries?  Kilroy Was Here! Killroy was here

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kilroy_was_here Reddit, if you could assemble your own Avengers team with any living person(s) who would you pick to save the world?  All we need is Chuck Norris. Everyone else would slow him down. The Rock for when you need some one to post a video on Instagram. John Cena for stealth missions, Sylvester Stallone to confuse a target through conversation, Evangeliene Lily cause you need eye candy (I mean really she's the best looking woman in Hollywood imo) and Hilary Clinton to delete our covert emails, and of course Robert Downey Jr. because he's Robert Downey Jr. Robert Downey Jr.  
Scarlett Johnsson  
Chris Evans  
Chris Hemsworth  
Mark Ruffalo  
Jeremy Renner

Am i doing this right? James Hetfield, Lars Ulrich, Cliff Burton, Kirk Hammett.

Groups name would be 

# Kill'emAll What's the most disappointing thing you've ever experienced?  Finding out that the Leave vote won. *Stupid rant incoming*

Pac-Man World 3.

Pac-Man World was my first game; a fun, simple, platforming adventure starring the happy-go-lucky Pac-Man. Pac-Man World 2 was an AMAZING follow up and a seriously overlooked gem in the 3D platforming genre. So, with those two games, little me is of course excited for Pac-Man World 3, it's gonna be great!

And then Pac-Man talked. And then he teamed up with the ghosts. And then the first level looked like [THIS.](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/o7uhbiq4No0/hqdefault.jpg) You see this shit? Who would want to start their fun platforming adventure with lush fields and bouncing around, no care in the world? Not me! I want to start in an otherworldly factory with green goop everywhere and no color besides grey to be seen on what I can do.

See, with Pac-Man World and Pac-Man World 2, the game began with a beach and grassland level respectively; letting the character ease into their adventure. Hell, the closest thing to a factory in the series before hand was the space world in PMW1, and even then it was more of just a Sci-Fi theme in general.

So, now, out of nowhere, we have this. And then more of this. There are only three types of level in the game: Factory, Ruin, and Hell. And 'Hell' not like in the sense of a volcano. Pac-Man literally goes to hell. 

And then we get to the bosses. Or should I say boss, as there is only one in the game, but it gets repeated twice. The final boss is just a refight of the only earlier boss.

The game seems so uninspired and so out of place. After two great, colorful games, now all we have is this shitty, dull, uninspired trash that they call a sequel.

Fuck this game. Fuller House Sword art online Spore

The hype was just too much, I was so excited. It would have been an amusing game if the expectation vs. the reality wasn't so different. My hot Milf of a neighbor moved and some ignorant hag that yells at you all day for coming near her lawn moved in The Obama Administration.

I was in college when he was running and got elected. It felt like my entire generation was rooting for him. We started understanding politics when we were young and 9/11 happened. For 8 years, we heard how bad Bush was and we starting thinking "Now we are old enough to vote and really make a change!" The hype behind Obama was outrageous, just absolutely outrageous. It was contagious. 

Then he got elected and we waited for the change. A couple things changed here and there. Not major changes, but a few. He caught Bin Laden! But that was really the only highlight of his first term. A lot of talk and little action. During his second term we saw "Obamacare" which was painted as a disaster (and it kind of was/is). Now we have a small generation of extremely jaded people when it comes to politics. I don't completely blame Obama, the entire government has been working against itself for a long time, but he really was a disappoint. More so than other presidents. Independence Day: Resurgence Jupiter Ascending. So much money down the drain. Sea Monkeys.

Mine failed to develop anything like a significant monachy as promised on the box. True story about why I hate fishing and probably the greatest disappointment that I can recall during my childhood:

When I was about 10-11, my siblings and I entered a radio contest for father's day where you had to record a message and it would get voted on by callers - grand prize was a full day (8hr) deep sea night fishing package for 2, all expenses paid.

My family won the contest and about 2 months later, my father and I set out to with the necessary paperwork (none of my siblings really liked fishing).   We drove approximately 1.5-2hrs from where we lived in Miami down to the Keys, only to find out that that trip had to be canceled due to engine problems with the boat.   The captain checked our papers and personally wrote us a voucher and rescheduled the trip for about a month later.   Time rolls around again and we set out, only to find out the boat was in dry dock for hull repairs/repainting.

Another voucher and 2 months later, we go back to find out that fishing company had gone out of business (or something) and whoever operated that boat then wouldn't honor the previous voucher.   Best he would do was schedule us in for a 3hr venture with a group of about 40+ others - the original trip was supposed to be us and 3 other groups of 2-3.

That trip finally rolls around and about half way into the trip, someone on deck had a medical emergency and all lines had to get pulled so we could head back to the docks. Waiting on my front porch for my dad to come pick me up for a rare visit. It would get darker and darker but often he wouldn't show up. I would rationalize a hundred different ways why he was late and why the *next* set of headlights would be his. 

Kids never get over that kind of heartbreak. Sex...my expectations were very unrealistic... Al Capones Vault Childish drama on Youtube Life Life Me irl. Seeing every single movie theater in my city upgrading their seats to recliners and even offering beer at a couple of the smaller ones only to see the selection of movies that have come out since April. My paycheck last week My 18th birthday, I wasn't allowed to celebrate with my friends, I was forced to go visiting with my parents Swimming with dolphins.

it's just... meh Caddyshack 2. he last time I played Mario Brothers with my SO I turned off her controller so she couldn't pick Mario first. I used a game genie to defeat all 50 or so levels of the game Rampage for NES.  It took HOURS.     
When we finished it just said "congratulations" and started back at the first level. what a shitty day. Fallout 4 Dark Knight Rises The new Star Wars Battlefront. So much hype, so many expectations, such a let down. Fuck EA. Jurassic world too difficult to narrow down to just one thing . heh You have a week off, and $150. What do you do?  Only $150?  I guess stay home and try to be cheap.  That would barely get me enough weed and food for a week... Figure how the fuck I am going to pay my rent with $150 and a week without pay. I make much much more working, I'd cry. keep the money intact, and just clean up surroundings, take walks, plant some flowers, pull some weeds, clean windows, trash old belongings, watch some documentaries, meditate, 

ok, spend just a little on icecream or a couple of nice meals, with a bottle of wine, or imported beer. $100 for prostitute and than imagine im on a deserted island in my house and have only tap water to survive on. The same I would do anyway: Nothing. The only difference is that now I have 150$. Spend it all on cocaine, do it all the first day, and spend 6 days wallowing in depression and self hatred $150 on a weekend? what luxury life is this? Buy some junk food and watch Netflix. Take my niece and nephew to a theme park one of the days and do cheap things the rest of the week. Hide somewhere that isn't home How have/are you guys getting through long distance relationships? What did you do that made easier?  I'm not great at it. Physical intimacy is a big part of relationships to me. If I'm not getting that I feel neglected and prone to look elsewhere We talk through Skype. A lot. Also she can come here fairly often. I'm not sure if that counts as "long-distance". What do you have a problem with and what do you wish someone would invent to fix it?  Balding, I wish there was a pill that would make my shit grow like a chia pet. Pop Music is my problem. I'd fix it by by having everyone listen to 80s thrash metal. Impulsivity. Spending, sex, self destructive behavior. Technically there are pills that help, but the side effects are usually worse. What is the one condiment you carry around to make your food taste better?  *Ugh, this grapefruits a bit sour. You boys got any sugar on you?*

*Why would we have sugar?*

*You'd be surprised what criminals carry with them* I have a bottle of Sriracha in my desk. And the GF has a tiny refillable bottle of Franks in her purse. We love heat. I keep a big tub of ranch dressing in my purse.  I just have to remember to refrigerate my purse or pack it with ice before I leave the house. Salt Coke. Wataburger's spicy ketchup [deleted] Who's carrying condiments around? I carry me a bottle of chloroform As Indians who are not used to 'bland' taste of most world, if we anticipate that we would be cooking for self in a kitchen then bare minimum would be turmeric powder, chilli powder and salt. A little more would mean the whole spice box. 

If we are on the road, then we have 'achaar' it's super concentrated chilli, salt, oil soak for unripe mango. 

The bare minimum like at a Italian place would me add more salt and pepper

[Spice box ](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-QMcdcK08HVY/UQN37x3rICI/AAAAAAAAH5c/zQPXkXaEcoI/s1600/indian+spice+box+-+masala+dabba.jpg)


[Achaar](
http://indianhealthyrecipes.com/mango-pickle-recipe/)

It would usually be 1-2 cubes /pieces per meal , not more. What weird sanctions are active in your town?  Idk why buy I think the freemasons are always up to no good secretly... Those sneaky old dudes with the words hats are pretty sketchy. Not my town, the the town over "you can place your "African American" in jail for 24 hours". Still in the city ordnance What do you usually find yourself staring at reddit for?  Dumb people. Hours on end. Did people talk down Michael Jordan as much as people do LeBron James?  They talked about him a lot, lot, lot more. 

LeBron is one of the greatest ever, but still nowhere near the cultural icon that Jordan was. Jordan had a lot more control over media coverage than athletes do today, and most journalists did not want to make him angry.  Nor did opposing players or coaches want to say anything that would make him mad.

However, Sam Smith was the beat reporter for the Chicago Tribune and published *The Jordan Rules* in 1992, the year after the Bulls first championship, and that book included a lot of uncomplimentary anecdotes about Jordan.  During the 1992-93 playoffs there were negative articles about his gambling habits, so much so that a persistent rumor is that he was secretly suspended from basketball during his first retirement, although there's no evidence to support it.

During his baseball career there were a lot of negative articles saying he was embarrassing himself and should give it up.  Sports Illustrated ran a front page article about it and after that Jordan refused to pose for magazine covers.

But when he returned to the NBA from retirement people were so happy to have him back that nothing negative could be said about him.  No one wanted him to retire again.  And besides, he was winning, and winning cures all ills.

When he returned from retirement a second time with Washington there were negative articles saying he should have remained retired.  There were also negative articles about his ability to run a franchise, which have persisted to the present.

But it wasn't until his Hall of Fame speech that Jordan really let loose with rants about his gripes.  He was very careful to be gracious in public during his playing career, very conscious of his image.  That ended with the Hall of Fame speech, and since then the public perception has been far more negative than it was during his career. He got mocked for following his passion to play baseball. Considering he started in his thirties and hit around .250 in the [Arizona Fall League](https://miscbaseball.wordpress.com/2013/05/08/michael-jordan-in-the-arizona-fall-league-in-1994/), I think he acquitted himself nicely and could have eventually made it as a fourth outfielder at the rate he was progressing.

But he caught a lot of flak for his gambling back in the day and there were conspiracies galore about a shadow ban during his first retirement. There was less media at the time, so no for that reason alone. But also Jordan won 3 championships back to back to back, twice. It was hard to say anything negative about that. I've only learned recently that LeBron has donated 40+ million to education and Michael Jordan invests 20+ million into privatized prisons. All respect for him is lost. They talk about Lebron more because of social media. I feel like most Michael Jordan stories were about his game and his shoes. They judge a player now on their character on and off the court which for some reason also goes into whether he is one of the greatest or not. I do believe Michael is the greatest bball player ever, but he is a piece of shit as a person and the lack of social media saved him. Lebron is great on the court with some minor flopping issues, but he is an amazing person off the court and thats what people should care about. The man has a great heart. I haven't done much research on this, but I have heard some about Jordan and his gambling habits. Someone else on this thread posted something about it, too. But still, any great player is going to have controversy. Whether it be true or not. No.  In fact some people may have overhyped him.  MJ was going to be the GOAT and anyone who in any way disagreed with that would have been immediately dismissed as a hater.  I think, I don't know, I don't actually remember hearing anyone suggest he would be anything less than a talent never again seen in anyone's lifetime.  The only person I remember saying anything even resembling that was Wilt Chamberlain and he was dismissed as just trying to hype his book


LeBron gets talked down precisely BECAUSE OF the Michael Jordan comparisons.  Jordan was so dominant that at the time being called "the Michael Jordan" of something was universally understood as being "unquestionably best" 

People would say things like "He's the Michael Jordan of accounts receivable" and everyone just knew what that meant.  If you said that about LeBron everyone would be confused. No. Because Jordan was clearly better. Waiters and waitresses of Reddit, how much money do you usually earn from tips?  $150-300$ a shift. Granted my shifts are almost 10 hours. If day shift - 20$, night shift - around 50$ 60 to 200 for a 4 hour shift What supplies are absolutely necessary if you are living on campus?  Shower shoes. all I need is my flight suit and fatigues Non-perishable food items you keep for an emergency like a lockdown. Granola bars, beef jerky, salami sticks, tuna cans, you name it. A watercooker and Ramen. Self defense weapon of some sort Advil. Earplugs. A towel. Napkins. Laundry detergent. At least one each of a cup, a bowl, a spoon, a fork, a knife, and a plate. Earplugs or a nice white noise machine/fan.  Studying/sleeping in a dorm is atrocious sometimes.  My Bose QuietComfort 25's are now among my most treasured possessions. Couple hundred packs of Ramen noodles and you're set. What would be the best/ most controversial "coming this fall, starring Adam Sandler" movie that you can think of?  Adam Sandler is MARTIN LUTHER KING JR.    
   
^^^Coming ^^^to ^^^a ^^^theater ^^^near ^^^you ^^^this ^^^fall. September 11th, two thousand and fun White Roots

*His name is actually Toby!* *The Ridiculous Four*

Adam Sandler pulls an Eddie Murphy and plays all [four candidates](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton_vs_johnson_vs_stein-5952.html) in the 2016 Presidential Debates. The Jewish nazi Adam Sandler used to have some funny movies. My personal favorite is Happy Gilmore. Adam Sandler starring as:  Obama, the early years. Inception 2 Star Wars. Adam Sandler as a wacky bumbling muslim terrorist.  You'd effectively offend both sides. Adam Sandler travels back through time with Drew Berrymore to rescue Jews during the Holocaust in this slapstick romantic comedy.  Coming this fall:  Sandler's List Suicide: The Movie Adam Sandler is Omar Marteen... Requiem for a dream 2 Coming this Fall, experience double the fun.  Adam Sandler plays a conjoined twin with...  Adam Sandler!  Double the trouble! Star Wars: Rogue One starring Adam Sandler and David Spade I can tell you one thing, it will not be funny. Anal Sluts 9: Starring Adam Sandler and Hillary Clinton. The Young Han Solo, starring Adam Sandler Coming this fall, Trump.  Starring Adam Sandler. Coming this fall, Adam Sandler plays Malcolm X in Malcolm X: The Movie. 10 Minutes of Action - starring Adam Sandler. Barry Brexit - Agent Provocateur "[The Vagina Ass of Lucifer Niggerbastard](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8131491-the-vagina-ass-of-lucifer-niggerbastard)" now adapted to film! Starring Adam Sandler as *Lucifer*, and Jennifer Lawrence as the *Gurgling sack of Babyshit*. reboot of Indiana jones with Adam Sandler. Harry Potter and the Angry Jew Adam Sandler plays Achmed the terrorist, a down on his luck hobo trying to find true love!



This summer, go watch



**9/11 2:**

^Now ^with ^pandas! It's a wonderful life REMAKE. Passion of the Christ 2. Adam Sandler in *Big Daddy Is Now Smaller Than Son* Adam Sandler in the remake of [Soul Man](http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BMTI5NzgxODY2Nl5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTcwNzAyMjMyMQ@@._V1_UY268_CR1,0,182,268_AL_.jpg). Just cast him as the lead in the Memento remake. Adam Sandler in Pulse Night Club Adam Sandler is Benoit! A comedy based around the infamous wrestler. 51 First Dates Adam Sandler Is DeadPool in Deadpool Deuce....... The Wedding Singer 2 - Funeral Season Adam Sandler plays himself in "Adam Sandler: The rise and fall of Sony".  Its a story about a misguided and naive entertainment company that made money on the backs of stupid humor.  But while the execs were busy cashing their paychecks on Spiderman reboots and "Happy Madison Production" films, they didn't realize all their internal emails were being leaked out about how much they hated Sandler's films. Sandler's List. 

A goofy remake of the timeless classic Shindler's List, except starring Adam Sandler and his wacky friends. You don't mess with the Jiahdi


Adam Sandler is a Jihadi coming to America to wage war against the Christians, but something will change his heart in this beautiful coming of age comedy He's done clowning around.  Adam Sandler IS James Holmes.

Coming to a theater near you. Crazy Pickle Mustache Man: THE MOVIE. A remake of Jerry Lewis' unreleased Holocaust movie "The Day the Clown Cried" Adam Sandler as Adolf Hitler in: *Mein Kamph 2: Electric Boogalo* Schindler's list 2: Electric Boogaloo staring **Adam Sandler** /r/AdamSandlerMovieIdeas

There's a sub for everything. Including this question. Adam Sandler stars in: The Diary of a Young Girl Pornographic film, with that name Happy Gilmore 2 anything that pretends he has even a shred of talent and wouldn't be a complete waste of money would be a complete fabrication, a goddamned lie. He should just go fucking die quietly though he's never done anything quietly I guess. What a loser What was the weirdest joke you've seen on a Laffy Taffy?  All those jokes are so tame, I read around 10 to my 7yr old sister and she kept asking me to explain them because the "jokes" were so bland. The taffy is good tho. What are some old forgotten stereotypes that were used in the past?  Which character would you most love to cosplay as?  Harley Quinn <3 Jet Black from Cowboy Bebop. The Joker. Hands down. Veronica Santangelo. Samwell Tarley [Ryuko Matoi](http://m.imgur.com/dWxxD8a?r) from Kill la Kill. Mainly because I love the outfit I've done Gordon Free Man before, but I'd want to make a better suit this time. The first time I did it the HEV was just cardboard, and I really only completed the chest piece in time before halloween. Zaraki Kenpachi after timeskip Cosplaying is just weird [One Punch Man](http://ib2.huluim.com/video/60622185?region=US&size=600x400) I desperately want to be Pharah from Overwatch (that eye makeup tho). Especially with the Anubis or Jackal skins. But ... the concept of making her suit is incredibly baffling to me Katsuki Bakugo from Boku no Hero Academia because having exploding gauntlets would be kind of cool. Cyborg-Raiden from Metal Gear.

As for actually possible characters? [Fatpool.](http://img.ifcdn.com/images/46ac457685574f754d9dbe1f932780be4ca5dcdf0664548047c4b280e9613147_1.jpg) People who have experienced your worst fears, what happened?  I persevered and wondered why it was my biggest fear and now fear something else. Lost aspiration points :( Never really had a worst fear. When i was brought up, my parents used an old tactic which was to give your child something small to fear and use that to keep them in line. Most parents would use something imaginary like bed monsters or the boogie man. No. Not mine. Like a few out there, my parents decided to use nopes. Aka Spiders. 

Growing up the fear stuck with me until i was in high school biology and started to learn more and more about them. Out grew it but still kind of bugs me that they used an actual, real life thing to scare me. I almost died from unknowingly eating something poisonous. It was terrifying. My biggest fear is having my house broke into 
It happened 
I usually forget to lock the side door
I have some rowdy neighbors always up to no good 
Let's just say they broke in, had a knife on him for whatever reason 
I hid on my roof and called the cops 
The guy made it out before they got here but we have cameras Having a girl you love get killed. The first and only girl I loved. 

Died in a car accident when she was 17 years old. I was 15, and 5 years later it still hurts like all hell. How do you make a crappy Monday better?  Ease into it. Don't stay up late on Sunday trying to squeeze out every last moment of freedom. Wake up a little earlier than normal. Avoid feeling rushed at the beginning of your week. Eat breakfast, watch some TV, etc. Head into work relaxed. Reddit, what are your most horrifying tales of messages sent to the wrong person?  i was texting my girlfriend and she called me the name of the guy she was cheating on me with Sent a very revealing photo with "miss me yet?" to my boyfriend. 

Except not to my boyfriend. 

It went to my dad.  Who had just left on a 10 day trip. Background (my dad was cheating on my mom) 
I was texting dad letting him know I knew it all blah blah blah
I said "dad you do realize what you are doing to mom, and this whole family" 
Then jokingly I texted "anyways dad I love you and this girl your banging better be hot JK JK I don't care what she looks like." 
You see I have a group chat with the whole family and on the group my dads name is first 
I accidently sent that text in the group 
To my sister my brothers and my mom
It didn't end so well When I was about 14 or so, I had the random thought of, "I wonder what my penis looks like from the bottom POV." So I took out my camera and snapped a picture of the bottom of my junk. When I was looking at it, I got a text from my ex (recently started dating at the time)--I tapped on the message button to send her a text, and right when I sent it, the picture popped up (I had a very slow phone) and immediately sent. Accidently sent my first dick-pic that way at one of the most awkward times of my life. When I was in school One of my professors put everyone in groups for a project and I had a hot girl in our group and a good friend of mine, well one day as I'm going to class Imtexting with my friend and the hot girl and accidentally told the hot girl I needed to take a huge shit before I went to class and sent it thinking it was to my friend. I got to class and the hot girl asked me how my shit went and I pretty much stopped talking to her after that. I had just gotten off a call with a prospective employer and I THOUGHT I was going to get a job offer while on the call. I was trying to text my then boyfriend the sad news of no offer (including many sad emojis and lost of pity-me action). I actually sent the message to the employer. They responded very politely but I could feel my face burning red for HOURS. I felt incredibly pathetic... Reddit, how did you fuck up in school?  I did nothing in school. I skipped all of the time I was a complete asshole to some very good people.  It was all part of a stupid effort to come across as tough and to help me feel more accepted by the "cool" crowd.  I hurt some people, and I wish I could take it all back. I cheated a lot in high school. 

I would write notes on my nails in pen so they would wipe off instantly without a trace or between my fingers so i could just close put my fingers together into a flat hand to hide anything. 

It always looked like i was hiding my paper from others but in reality i was hiding my notes between my fingers. Always got high marks so the teach thought i was just being protective.

College rolled by and i had a hard time with classes which i should have payed more attention to in high school. Nevertheless, i studied my ass off and graduated college the right way with no cheats etc etc.

My life would have been a lot easier if i learned everything the right way. Skipped class, didn't give a shit about school and got into a fight in religion class.  

Graduated though and now am 2 classes away from getting my B-Com I was a problem child with learning dis abilities. Got kicked out of a dozen schools. Ended up attending college and getting 50 credits but had to leave for finance reasons. Tested above average IQ in elementary school. 130s. But was in English as a second language class for slow kids. I work better at my own fast pace vs the baby sitting the government schools basically do. 

If I ruled the world I would make graduation at 16. Drivers License, first car, first beer, first sex in car, pretty much adult. Next two year professional degrees from 16-18 part time while working part time. By end of 18th birthday are educated with savings to create productivity and jobs. Spreading the shit out like this as we so, I know some people still in college well into thier 30-40's. Educate like ripping off a band aid. I didn't go there often enough. At the last day I just fucked off before my last test because my teacher was a giant pile of shit. Drew all day. Graduated with D's across the board. And then took 10 years after that to finally go to college. I dropped out. Though I'm not upset about the fact that I dropped out. I'm upset about the reason I dropped out. I get pissed at myself everytime I think about how I let the bullying get to me. I don't give a fuck about school, but I wish I hadn't bowed to the pressure. I hate that feeling of weakness. Went to public school.  Coasted through it.  Never had to study and still graduated with a 4.0.  Problem is I never learned how to study, so my first semester in college was a real chain of "holy shit" moments slept through british literature, got a 95% on the final, failed the class with a 56%. had to take two writing classes second semester, it sucked balls I once asked a teacher if she was having a crappy ass day - she got me suspended for 3 days. What is the most obscure or strange thing that has a wiki?  That weird animal cosplaying crap/fetish
It's so weird Do you actually get those deals that car dealerships advertise or is it all a scheme?  Even if you got the deal they advertised, it's still a scheme. That's how advertisements work. They get you in there by making it seem like it's a limited time deal. I can field this one since I worked at a dealership for 2 weeks... cracks knuckles.

We looked for customers carrying the paper and led them to similar cars but of course the advertised one sold that morning. They usually have a stock number on the ad so you need to ask to see that EXACT car.
Side car dealer tip;
Say you have a trade and you will do their financing and once you lock them into a sale price, change your mind and try to sell your own car and get your own financing. Parents of Reddit, what had your kid done to have Santa not bring them any gifts or a big gift they asked for? What was it?  What do you think is truly sad about our society today?  Ignorance is becoming a virtue and we're rapidly losing our critical reasoning abilities. People being so bling about their nationalities. It's just a title so you could feel less lonely but cmon we are all humans. Apathy towards others. How much emphasis we place on idolizing sports stars and other celebrities.  Sports in particular is really bad and it seems like many colleges and high schools are there primarily to churn out football players instead of having good education. How being for equal gender rights can be seen (and used) as a bad thing. Also schools. Also politics. People are still homophobic We need to inform the world of every move we make, no matter how mundane. For example, yesterday I saw a girl too busy posting instagram pictures of her ice cream cone to eat it; it was melting all over her hand ?_? That I can't sit in the park and masturbate to the all the mothers without people assuming I'm attracted to the kids and labeling me a pedophile and not just a weirdo. The it took years and years of protest and struggle just to get breakfast served all day at McDonalds.

I could only imagine what more serious issues entail. Everyone thinks that their opinion is equally valid.  Someone who knows almost nothing about, say, the benefits of pasteurizing milk, will somehow form an opinion based on facebook posts and argue with scientists who have done years of research with the firm belief that their opinion has as much merit. Everyone feels like they are discriminated against 
There's an equal amount of racism for whites as there is for blacks I don't like the fact that some people have to get attention or feel they need attention to have a feeling of self importance Tolerance for the idiocy of religion. How much people try to relive the "good old days." Despite how shitty society seems today, it's much better than 30, 20, 10 years ago. Learn to appreciate the here and now, and adapt to the changing times. I'M TALKING TO YOU GRANDMA, FUCKING LEARN HOW TO USE A CELL PHONE OR BE FOREVER ALONE The need to hate on people that you don't even know That people like to believe the reassuring lie over the inconvenient truth. Wake up sheep the man only thinks of you as a resource. Guy fawks for president That people think they are brave or strong for having an outdated or offensive opinion. The lack of respect for our elders. And lack of respect for one another for that matter. Those with sociopathic or selfish tendencies in business, politics and religion tend to be more far more successful than those who are more pragmatic or for the greater good. Politicians have successfully convinced us that our unfounded fears are valid and that we should act on them in whatever way they say will help us.

Examples: 2016 United States of America Presidential Campaign and Brexit. What games would there be in Reddit Olympics?  1. **Circlejerking:** In which teams are judged by how quickly they upvote the funniest comments while providing add-on comments such as "this is the answer," "/thread" or "To be fair" when what they're about to say is probably not "fair" at all. Points are deducted for providing insightful comments. 

2. **Dank Memeing:** In which John Goodman "Am I the only one..." memes are posted and each team is quick to discover that no, they are in fact, not the only one. Hypnotoad results in an automatic Olympic gold. 

3. **r/Relationships drama:** In which a team posts in r/relationships (thereby feeding into r/subredditdrama). Participants are judged on how much anger they induce. Points are awarded for poor advice. 

4. **Bernie Upvote Relay:** In which each nation floods r/Politics with pro Bernie and anti-Hillary articles. Comments attacking the establishment and a rigged election process are upvoted for points. Bonus awarded for talking about Hillary and her various scandals she will never get charged for. 

5. **Fake Confession Bear Stories:** In which teams submit fake confession bear stories like "I killed a man at a bus stop and never got caught. I feel sad about it" or "I cheated on my wife's paraplegic sister" are submitted. Bonus points awarded if OP delivers the story. 

**Edit:** Added event descriptions Pun threading Shitposting witty comments reposting Tracking down OP's mom, cat high jump (cucumber triggered), hover board sprint. Masturbation Medley. Shitposting to 100K in a day Karma whoring /u/GarethPW gilding. Mental gymnastics: Disregarding all opinions but your own either by use of flawed logic, referring to opponents as feminazis, SJWs, literally hitler or misogynists, or skillfully inserting fingers into ears and yelling LALALALA. /r/trashyboners Beauty Pageant neck/leg beard braiding Shitposting; covert reposting and eluding other redditors; starting an original copypasta; **FOR THE FINALS** : most gold for the least effort comment. Cat Racing The pain Olympics... oh wait - Movie referencing
- Meme response linking
- Memory test: Which are the go to questions and answers in askreddit? Jolly Rancher eating competition By what age should you know what you want to do with your life?  If you don't know by the time you exit the womb it's all over for you 7, according to schools. I don't think there's an answer to this.  Everyone is different, and some people may live their lives never feeling like they found their purpose.  Others may feel like they found what they need to do with their lives, and later find a different path. It depends on the person,  but if  you're thirty and still living at home.... The "should know by now " ship has long sailed. like 1st grade

before you work 

before college

before highschool

before middle school You'll never really know. Just figure out what you want to accomplish now and work from there. You'll change a lot over the years and so will your goal and values. I'm 35 and I don't know. And I have a career change coming up. Yikes! This questions = LOL I didn't have a clue until last year and I'm 27. Just take life as it comes and you figure it out on the way I think. When I die, I don't want people to know me as, "that guy who worked at that place". The question of "what I want to do with my life", goes much further than just my career. With that being said, I don't think you can specify an age. You can't always plan to find your true calling (if that makes sense). 33, still trying to figure out. It's a highly personal game.  Some people know at 18, others at 45.  Some never truly know.  I'm 32 and I've just found out. Any moment now. This used to be a question the young asked. Now it?s a quandary for baby boomers. The Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that younger boomers have abandoned the American ideal of picking a job and sticking with it. Between the ages of 18 and 36, these boomers held an average of 9.6 jobs. That?s a lot of exploration. The wisdom of elders in all cultures seems to be this: There?s nothing to do with a life but live it. As Gandhi pointed out, ?Almost anything you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.? 25 What have you tried for the first time recently?  limiting the hours in the day when I eat. Nothing before 8 am and nothing after 9 pm. Feel a lot better. What the worst airport you've ever been to?  Billings, MT New Dehli Manas Transit Center near Bishkek, KG Back in 1989 I flew some east european airline from Vienna to Athens with a stop in I think Bucharest. We were there for twelve hours. Planes flew in from all over. They waited til everyone was there, then planes flew out. For the twelve hrs (was supposed to be 2 hrs) there was virtually no food and very limited toilet and water access. Lots of guards with with rifles marching around and looking stern. LaGuardia, NY [serious] How to get it all back after going to depression and losing everything, friends, love, and happiness?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Find something you love. For me it's wrestling Travel abroad Work out too Stop asking questions that you already know the answer. Be selfish for a while, even if it's against your nature. Stay busy, be tied to a schedule. Identify what is important, and what is drama. Do NOT participate in drama. You work on your discipline. What's a song that's okay for Kidz Bop to cover?  Colt 45 A song that they've already ruined Notorious thugs GG Allin - You Hate me and I Hate You. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xE5f62vPOo My neck my back *Baby Got Back* by Sir Mix-a-lot *America, F--k Yeah!* - Team World Police / DVDA *Albuquerque* - "Weird Al" Yankovic *I Touch Myself* - Divinyls *Thick as a Brick* - Jethro Tull What is the most poorly designed and/or ad stricken article and or website/news source?  World star.

Not a site I regularly visit at all, but on the odd chance I want to see some video I've heard on posted there, I find it completely unusable. What frightens you about space?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EKxl1x2ad8 Without a tether, you could be lost forever. Potentially, you could be just out of arms reach for rescue and slowly succumb to asphyxiation once your oxygen runs out That anything with the technology to travel to our planet could wipe us out with extremely little effort. Nothing. Space is less scary than the ocean. Yeah, you die if something goes wrong, but there is nothing out there to eat you. No biological entities looking for a meal that can screw things up. It's just a big empty place That nobody can hear you scream. Black Holes The fact that most of it is just... emptiness.  

Another thing that frightens me about space is how alone we are in our tiny part of the Milky Way and because of it, I ask myself "Where is everyone?" The aliens What is the best example of karma biting someone in the ass that you've seen?  Kid kept cheating off me 
I wrote down all the wrong answers then put down the right ones when I needed to turn my paper in 
We had to read our answers out loud 
One of the questions was "who was the biggest advocate for the civil rights movement in the 1960s" 
For the wrong answer I put down the KKK Since karma is based off our previous life, probably not any examples. Reddit, what's wrong with academia today (college/university)?  I'd say there's a lot more wrong with high school preparing you for college/university. It costs far too much There are some professors that care more about research than teaching students. Although I a free with another comment that this is much less of a problem than what is seen in high school It is simply a commodity that can be purchased (admittedly at high cost) without having to actually be earned. Tuition Pricing is outrages Resources devoted to sports (depends on school) vs learning; the scam of textbooks; lack of workforce integration. A very common problem I've heard of and have even run into , is that the jump from high school to college is unforgiving . Lots of smart kids glide through highschool with easy A's and then college hits that like a baseball bat .  First semester was really tough cause of this . Textbook pricing

Stress Levels

Expectations to do well by studying/learning new material outside of class

Professors aren't always great

Misdirection in knowing what to do in life I just wrote about this in a different thread, but I think the level of academic demand has gotten out of control. In regard to physical health (and therefore mental health) academia has a real culture problem. Lack of sleep, stress levels, increasing demand for constant productivity. I don't even believe it's conducive to really understanding the material you're supposed to learn while there.

this is besides the obvious one: tuition.

edit: obviously, there are many, many wonderful things about college, but I believe certain aspects of it could be modified/made better so it becomes a healthier environment. [deleted] What is the stupidest thing you've seen someone do?  Vote Leave Post the exact same question less than two hours...

https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4q3j9t/what_is_the_stupidest_thing_youve_ever_seen/ What was your favorite answer you saw/played in Cards Against Humanity?  Black card is irrelevant if followed by 'A Big Black Dick' last night i was playing with two other friends.

The two cards that were played were "Thank" and "You" in that order. what luck bees? First, some background. My friends father left the family when he was young "I'm going to get milk" type of deal from what I gather. So his black card was "What makes me the most emo?" I played "Daddy issues" That was pretty grand. Saw this combo played one of the first times I played the game.

Black Card: ______ It's a trap!
White Card: Auschwitz What is your favorite YouTube video that is less than one minute?  Girl pees herself on live TV:
https://youtu.be/0OwtGTjs9WY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKbU8B-QVZk https://youtu.be/6gpRSHlvD2g How did your adolescent years negatively shape who you are today?  I had/have ARFID and didn't know what it was or what to do about it. Now I'm a 28-year-old hermit. ?\\\_(?)_/? Growing up, if I wanted something I got it. So as I got older, I felt like if I wanted something, I should get it. No matter if I would have enough money to eat or put gas in my car after. I grew up thinking that money grows on trees. Over the past few months, I have gotten better about it but still need to make a lot of improvements. What subreddit can help find a glass box manufacturer?  You mean like an aquarium? Guilty people of Reddit, What have you done?  Not this time, *prosecutor*. Well once, when I was younger and very active I went to a party at a friends house with my mother and I accidentally the whole bottle.

It was kinda funny but super embarrassing at the same time. My friends made fun out of me for weeks, I really regret it. I didn't do it, you can't prove it, i plead the fifth. What is something we do now that we likely won't have to do anymore in the future?  Tweeting. The honeymoon is about over with that dumb stuff. Drive. Come on self-driving cars... Not have kids....If you don't have kids. I feel the way technology is moving, locking things will no longer require a traditional key Take a shit.

Ray Kurzweil mentioned this in his book "The Singularity is Near" [deleted] Since everything is going to virtual reality: Physical sex. It's gonna be like [Demolition Man](http://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/1477892c-30ad-44ce-a806-494094f024fe) answer our beepers. Eating Bananas, the once that we eat now adays are on the road to beeing extinct, look it up We prob won't even have to breath on our own Die Deal with political correctness. It's finally fucking dying. What is something "supernatural" which you have experienced in your own life which cannot be explained by reason, logic, or science?  Saw someone there, whom nobody else saw.

We were all standing there. I saw a man, nobody else did. Suddenly I woke up during the night and saw this ball shaped (little bit larger than a basketball) thing floating in circular motion next to my window. The ball glowed this blue electric kind of light and it was actually quite bright. In the end the ball started to go up and disappeared. I was scared shitless. When I was a child, I was taking a bath with the bathroom door open. (I lived with just my mother and I was 4 or 5 at the time.) Anyway, I'm just playing and having a good time when I see a two foot tall green skinned goblin walk past the bathroom door wearing a (way too big for it) black and white polka dot dress. I of course started screaming my head off. My mom came rushing in, I told her what happened and of course, she didn't believe me. However, when I described the dress, my mom recognized it as one of the dresses her mom, my grandma owns before she passed a few months prior. When she went in to look for the dress in her closed, it was in a heap on the floor.

Still have no idea what happened, still slightly terrifying in my head. Teacher went up the stairs, never came down, but then we saw him again going up the stairs o.o He was either teleporting or just a cool ninja. Up until the age of 13 I used to hang out with my uncle, a pastor, and his wife a lot. My home life was boring, and somehow messing around in a musty old church with an out of tune piano while my uncle wrote his sermons was a much better alternative to playing video games or goofing off with the neighborhood kids. 

One day when I was 11 my uncle left the church for a while. He was going to get lunch and let me hang around by myself. I was hanging out in the sanctuary, playing the piano and working through parts of an old gospel song that someone had left sheet music for on the piano. I was really getting into the groove, and I got to the chorus of the song when suddenly I heard an old woman's voice harmonizing with me from somewhere in the sanctuary. I looked around for a source of the voice, but I couldn't find it. Being an idiot kid, I wasn't terribly spooked and kept playing the piano. 

After the chorus ended, the harmony stopped. I wondered if I was just imagining things as I plunked through yet another verse. I got to the chorus again and this time the voice was right in my ear. I stopped playing and singing, shut the lid on the piano and left the sanctuary.

It never happened to me again, but that was so strange. I didn't go in that sanctuary again for a while. [Serious] Redditors who go to the gym after work: do you take 2 showers a day?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Yes.

* Shower 1 is when I wake up. I shave, wash my face, wash my hair, do normal shower things.

* Shower 2 is that night after I work out. I basically just get the gym nastiness off before I go to sleep.

I would just take one shower at night but my hair gets oily basically overnight and I can't go out looking like a grease stain. A lot of time 3, one in the morning, I can't skip it as it helps me wake up. A quick rinse before the gym to rinse the stench of the day off me and a shower after the gym. Not that I have the motivation to do this now, but when I used to I would just shower after the gym. That would be my one shower a day. I'm a night showerer anyways, so after my evening visit to the gym I only take one shower. May seem gross but I work out until 9ish, then shower, then bed so a morning shower isn't needed. Been my routine for years. I used to take a shower in the morning and then again after I got home from the gym in the evening. I quit doing so for a few reasons. 

1. I live in California and we had mandatory water cuts where I live. If you go above your quota you get into tiered pricing. I was always in that 2nd tier, but sometimes in the 3rd.

2. Water pressure is an issue when you have irrigation and 2 showers going at the same time in my house. I have teens. 

I decided to just take 1 shower a day after I got home from the gym and when I wake up I'd just wash my face and get my hair wet in the sink. About this time I also got rid of the grass in my front yard and replaced everything with desert landscaping. 

My water bill went down and I'm in that 1st tier every single month and have only gotten into the second tier twice in the last year. Only on certain occasions do I shower a 2nd time. Typically if it's after working in the yard, and then going out all night and then getting home at some ungodly hour. It's almost impossible for me to fall asleep without washing off. Yea. Sometimes *three* depending on whether I work out at lunch, and do outside stuff after work.

If you live in the South this is pretty common. Deodorant alone just doesn't cut it unless you're in the AC all day and all night. Just usually two if I decide to work out. One immediately after working out in the shower that they have at the gym to just cool the fuck off (I usually go in the sauna after I'm done with my work out) and then one when I get home a few hours later to wash my hair and shave and do all the normal shower things. I work at night so I'll usually shower when I get home from work, go to bed wake up go to the gym then shower again before work No, I just shower after the gym. No need to in the morning sense I've done nothing since my last shower. Usually just one, after gym. Their showers are better than the one at home, and it cuts some of my water bill. I typically just take one shower a day, at night after the gym.  I'm low maintenance, so some quick gel in the am and I'm ready to go for the day.  I take very little time to prepare in the morning, roughly 10 minutes from bed to front door. Short answer: yes. What's the dumbest thing you have done to impress the opposite sex?  I "accidentally" tagged her to my uploaded artwork in Facebook; however, I was 13 at that time, does that count? In second grade, I would dislocate my thumb when raising my hand. Not the best idea ever. Probably the dumbest one is when I serenaded a girl I liked in 10th grade in front of her house with the Beatles I Want You so Bad. I knew she liked the Beatles and I took the time to sit and learn the whole song and play it on acoustic guitar and sing it. Turns out she wasn't even home and was out that night with a guy. As I was getting ready to leave they pulled up and she asked what I was doing there. I told her I was in the area and thought I'd play her a Beatles song. she just said "Uh ok, that's like weird." I just went home and wanted to bury my head in the ground and die. 7th grade me did not impress 7th grade Angela that I can do math in my head like I thought it would. redditors from other countries, are there any places where American accents are considered sexy?  nice try yankee British man here.  Yes.  Very.  Would love to be able to scoop up an American gal in my arms and listen to her talk about something she's passionate about. I'm not from a white background but I actually think american accent is ten times cooler than the English accent since most of the Hollywood cool characters speak with an american accent I'm Canadian (and my accent is often confused for an American when I travel abroad) but I find some of the really distinct American accents pretty attractive. Like Boston, New York, Cajun, etc. Past or present nursing home employees, what is the craziest thing you have seen your residents do?  I don't know about the craziest,  but they did a ton of weird shit. 

Pouring their drinks into their food 

Stay naked.... Alot 

Spit in the floor 

Talk about people standing in the corner that weren't there... Redditors Who Have Had a Severe Existential Crisis, How Did You Get Out of It?  From at least one point of view, if you can get over it it is not an existential crisis. What weird subculture's have you seen on the rise?  Furries and trans-(insert all 18 varieties here) reddit and all the karma shit Artisional toast.  That fuck, people! People who use apostrophes for plurality. Nu-males hipsters.  They weren't a thing when I was young.  It'd the weirdest popular subculture in that few people would ever admit to being a hipster and yet you can't drive a zamboni ironically through my city without flattening a few of 'em. What are some fun Summer holydays activities Teenagers can do ?  See your Priest, he's always up for some fun. Burning or crucifixion of the pegans is always a blast Eat a hotdog without a bun, to honor the goddess. In my area, one of the local state colleges has a "College Academy" program for kids to come and take interesting classes.  (I did it and loved it.  I was taking photography, radio broadcasting, stop-motion animation, etc.)

Another fun one can be something like model rocketry or drone piloting.

Personally, I always enjoyed building things from scratch that actually *did* something when you were done with 'em. You can sign up for your local libraries summer reading program. They will have reading contests and challenges where you can win prizes. Even if you don't exactly like reading, give it a shot. Books like Goosebumps or Harry Potter are enjoyable for a lot of teens. I loved these programs during my summer vacations. Geocaching.  Nerf wars. Learn new skill/ pick up new hobby. Like computer - learn coding. Like cooking - make stuff from scratch. Like designing- start drawing! Have fun You could check out /r/SummerScavengerHunt

There's plenty of things to look for as well as challenges that you and some friends can set out to accomplish. Some challenges require you to make something like a piece of art or a contraption. One that I liked from a year or two ago was making ice skates out of tennis shoes and ice cubes. Reading religious text can be fun on the occasional holy day Roller skating, swimming, camping. [Serious] Parents of reddit: the moment your children dissapointed you the most?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Idk she shit out her diaper and scooted around the floor leaving a shit trail the other day. That was pretty disappointing. When they were born girls. But I'm really hoping that at one is transgender so she'll be in fashion. At least through the end of the year. What is the most absurd prank you have ever pulled off individually or with a group of buddies?  I made a website in about 3 over night to make fun of one of my friends in a time specific satire article. Girls, what's the most attractive thing you've ever seen in a casual setting?  One time my science teacher brought in these really strong magnets for class and paperclips flew across the table towards it. It was pretty cool A cheeseburger on a plate, waiting for me on my kitchen table. Doctors of Reddit, what was the biggest turn of events you've witnessed in a patient?  Who the hell are all you people anyway?  I'm just a passing through Kamen Rider

Remember that. There are actually no real people on Reddit.  Questions and answers are all generated by computer. just some guy I am tengolacamisanegra Just some jackass on the internet here. Allison Wonderland We are all bots. Were you, but stronger. I am the shadows. I'm... in fact... 0001101000100001001000010010101011011000001000100001000001001010100001010 ERROR Nobody very noticeable unless you play Destiny with me. Even then, not too remarkable. None o' yer business. Who the hell are YOU? *shruggs* I am just a passenger through time and space on a smallish planet that happens to revolve around a sun. I share this mode of transport with a few people, I don't like most of them but, hey, what can you do. 

Mostly it is fine, sometimes not fine, we don't know where we are going (the pilot wont let us in on the secret.) but thats ok. It is the journey that counts. JUST WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK I AM?! What are some great out of the box gift ideas?  nerf guns personalized urn. Customized cock rings. [Serious] How does one start Stock Trading?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* the robinhood app on your phone is an app you can buy stocks through. the research you need to do on your own thouhg. Open an account at a brokerage and start trading.  

You can google "list of online brokerages" Research and choose the stocks you wish to buy and the broker you want to use, advise the broker of what you want, pay, and you've purchased stock! 

If you're asking how to choose stocks, I'll suggest the book, "The Only Investment Guide You'll Ever Need."  Its on Amazon. You get a broker like Tdameritrade, who allows you to also have a practice account. If you've any sort of smarts, you'll quickly realize that short term trading is a losing proposition, ditch all these one minute charts and start teaching yourself to read multi-year charts with weekly and monthly candles only. 

You can start with a book like *Technical Analysis of Stock Trends"* by Edwards & Magee since everything that's been written on charts in 1948 is pretty much still valid today. By reading a lot of books, reading a lot of articles, watching the stock market and then after 1 year of research you can start stock trading. Have you ever saved anyone's life?  As a giver of great advice, I like to think that at some point I might have. Does not killing them, count? I teach sex ed, so maybe not a life, but I've definitely prevented some syphillis in my time. i probably saved some person's life on /r/suicidewatch by describing how shitty mine is. Yeah, from drowning. She said she could competently dog paddle well enough to get by and jumped off the boat into the lake. She was competent for a few seconds, and that was about it. When I was 6 years old I used to volunteer at a horse back riding stable. I was a trail guide for the people who had never been there before. One of the perks was that I could ride as much as I wanted throughout the day.

One day I decided to take a horse I was training out for a bit, everything was going well until I heard screaming. We were getting to a point in the trail where it was impossible to pass, you'd have to go single file or you'd fall into the small lakes on either side. 

Right after the narrow pass it widend and intersected with a paved road. 

When I heard the screaming I stopped my horse and tried to find where it was coming from. 

As it was getting louder, I noticed something moving in front of me.   A rider that had gone out earlier must have fallen off her horse, her foot caught in the stirrup and it had been dragging her along dirt and gravel for god knows how long (our rides could last up to 4 hours).

I knew the horse she was on, it was a retired jumper that we had bought a few months back. It was huge, probably about 16-17 hands tall and I just happened to take a pony out to ride. 

I moved my horse up to the end of the narrow point and turned sideways. I knew if I stopped the horse I could take control and get that lady help. 

So I waited and hoped this retired jumper didnt try to do what it had done most of its life. 

Thankfully he came to a sliding stop, I took control and freed the ladies foot and moved the horses away. My mom had bought me a cellphone a few days before so I was able to stay while help came. 

She had a few broken bones and was extremely shooken up. 

If they had continued any farther she would have gone into the gator infested waters or the narrow barbed wire pass that was before it. As a nurse, yes. But I once (indirectly) saved a newborn kitten. I was on the phone with the owner. One of the kitties was born inside the (intact) amniotic sac. I talked her through opening the sac, but by that time she said kitty was dead. I talked her through chest compressions. Kitty still alive 5 years later. Yes, my college roomate took a whole bottle of downers once.  When I got home from my night job, I couldn't wake her, and she was a night person and never asleep when I got home.  This was before cell phones, and the landline wasn't working.  I tried to tell our other two roommates to help me, but they were drunk, and wouldn't listen. I carried/dragged her downstairs and somehow got her into my car.  She was a pretty big girl. I drove her to the hospital,  and sat with her while she had her stomach pumped, and then her family had her committed.  I didn't see her again for a few months, but we are still in contact.  She is doing pretty good now, but has been in the hospital a few other times since.  Edit: the hospital confirmed that if I hadn't brought her in, she wouldn't have woken up. When I was a kid, another kid told me it would be really fun to play "hangman."  He'd done it just last week, he said, just tie a rope around your neck, tie it to a limb and jump out of the tree.  I sat there on the limb with the rope around my neck for a minute or so, trying to get up the courage to jump, but I chickened out and said he had to do it first, to show me how it's done since he'd done it before.

I remember there was a terrible moment, the look on his face when the rope tightened around his neck and he realized he'd made a terrible mistake.  He started thrashing around and strangling, swinging around on the end of that rope.  I scrambled down the tree and I was just barely tall enough to reach his feet, standing beneath him on the ground.  I grabbed his feet and tried to push up, I managed to lift him up enough for him to get the rope off his neck and we both collapsed on the ground.  He had terrible rope burns on his neck.

If I'd gone first, there's no way he would have been tall enough to reach me or strong enough to haul me back up to the tree branch. My Mom had a very, very difficult time in the late 90's. She told me once that she was going to end it, but because of me, she didn't. I don't know if that really equates to saving her life. Thinking about RVing it full time! Looking for some pro's and con's. Also how hard is it to get good WiFi installed/hooked up in an RV (older model)?  I think you'd have to go with satalite internet or some kind of mobile phone provider. In not sure if you have to re-aim the satalite internet every time you move your RV (i think you do) But the down side would be little space, you have to empty your grey water tank every now and then, finding a place to park (you might have to pay for parking at a campground or something similar) you need to find hookups for water or keep filling the onboard water tank. You need to keep refilling your propane or whatever you use to hear water/run your stove. You might have to buy a generator for electricity which can make your file consumption go way up. You might be able to do a generator off the engine, but that means you have to leave it running. BUT all of this would probably be cheaper than a house/apartment payment. The upsides are countless and differ from person to person. I'm not trying to discourage you at all, in fact, I encourage you to do it. I hope this helps a little :) Some big CONS: 

**BIGNESS**.  Try to live with less.  A giant fucking monster RV can't be taken just anywhere.  National parks have strict limitations on size, just for starters.  Low branches and such will be found... routinely.

A nimble little motorhome will get into places that a big one or a truck/trailer will not.

If you only want to live on RV parks in the desert, or on BLM land, also in the desert, go HUGE!

Also, slide-outs.  Fuck these things.  The space in the RV tends to be unlivable with them IN.  So you can't just stop somewhere and take a nap.  The only thing worse than them being stuck in is being stuck OUT.  Now you probably can't even tow it without doing SOMETHING to force them in. 

It's not like you have to limit yourself to only motorhomes/trailers without slide-outs, since they are pretty fucking hard to find, nowadays.  Just BE AWARE, and see what it looks like.  If it blocks the fridge, you know you won't be able to have a sandwich without sliding one out.  Maybe it blocks the closet where you'd hang a coat?  Naturally if there is plumbing in the slide out, turn around and don't look back.  That's just a nightmare waiting to happen.

You can get 'earth class mail' or one of the equivalents to receive and scan mail for you.

As for 'WiFi', just get a mobile plan.  The phone will have wifi on it (with restrictions).  You don't have to install anything, unless it's a mobile network extender, to match your phone.  This will add that extra few miles of range to your phone (and any other phones near you).  But they're a bit pricey.  If you go out into the middle of nowhere, it won't help.  Then it's satellite, and that's a pretty ruinously expensive, metered connection that makes cellular internet look cheap and fair. Can you install a composting toilet on a camper/RV/Motor home? I think that could be a nifty idea! What do you identify as, sexually?  I sexually Identify as an Attack Helicopter. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of soaring over the oilfields dropping hot sticky loads on disgusting foreigners. People say to me that a person being a helicopter is Impossible and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having a plastic surgeon install rotary blades, 30 mm cannons and AMG-114 Hellfire missiles on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me "Apache" and respect my right to kill from above and kill needlessly. If you can't accept me you're a heliphobe and need to check your vehicle privilege. Thank you for being so understanding. Retired.

The only way I'm pulling a [Roger Clemens](https://youtu.be/Fdtn0Z4o8cM) at this point is if some Nubian goddess falls right into my lap. Meat Popsicle I like what I like. Pansexual describes me well, but I hate having a name for everything. It's really no one's business. Cis white straight male scum. Come at me tumblr Straight but I like clowns bisexual Lonely. I'm just a boring straight female. A dude. a mailbox, the feeling of mail being stuffed inside me really gets me going. Human Gay. Hetero cis male. Sexually? Hetero female.  
In general, mostly female but also a little male. I go by female, since that's how I was born and I'm not against it, but I don't care if people refer/speak to me as male. I sexually identify as an A-10 Thunderbolt II. 

I was 12 years old when I realized that I?m not really a man at heart, but rather a 19 foot, 10.5 inch long gatling gun strapped onto a 24,959 pound airframe.

All my life has been a lie but I?m setting that right today. I was designed to kill Soviet tanks. From now on, call me ?Warthog.? That?s my real name.

I?m having plastic surgeons attach a GAU-8 Avenger 30 millimeter rotary cannon, 1,200 pounds of titanium armor, and two General Electric TF34-GE-100 turbofan engines to my body. Sgt. Major Fairchild said I?m fucking stupid and I can?t be a jet, but I?m beautiful and I am a goddamn jet.

If the Army won?t pay for me to get the surgery, I?m just going to bring in Code Pink and point out that that Manning loser is getting hormones and he?s in prison so why shouldn?t a perfectly well-adjusted and honorably serving soldier have the right to be who they truly are, a metal killing machine?

I am so sick and tired of being oppressed. Now we A-10?s are on Congress?s chopping block. It?s sickening to see all the white transgender nazi shitlords literally raping my people with their actions.

It?s my right to spray 2,100 to 4,200 depleted uranium rounds per minute at both soft and hard targets and if you don?t support me and my transformation then you?re an aerialphobe and need to check your weapon platform privilege. I identify as heterosexual. My love for all penises is rooted deep in my being Transexual-atheist-woman-excyborg-5 percent muslim man Unknown Heteroromantic bisexual transvestite. An accomplished benevolent conqueror. A potato. Ever since i fell on the floor and rolled under my crib like a potato as a baby i knew what i was. Not often enough. A priapismic proboscis I identify as the shamefully overlooked masterpiece of a 2015 metroid-inspired video game known as "Environmental Station Alpha". I am one of the only 2 perfect video games out there. I have fantastic, unmatched atmosphere. I have impeccable gameplay. I imporve upon the metroid formula in every way imaginable. My story is simple but incredibly effective. My soundtrack is one of the best ambient OSTs you can get. My bosses have variety in them and are all fun to play. I can be completed up to 200% and probably even further. I have the most satisfying and complete post-game since pokemon HeartGold and SoulSilver, and i also have the creepiest, most insane, most mindfuck-inducing final area since OFF. I have some of the most mysterious items, characters, endings, text and secrets in the history of gaming and i have undoubtedly the best, most immersive setting of all time. Yet, i am constantly ignored by my peers, like that fucking "Axiom Verge" asshole. Fuck that guy. He came out a month after me and stole my limelight. I get bullied constantly by r/metroid, saying that even though i am decent, i will never surpass the metroid franchise. They underestimate my godlike abilities with their petty garbage, saying that "The indie scene will never be able to replace metroid". Bullshit, I CAN REPLACE METROID ALL BY MY SELF. I ALREADY HAVE. THE FINNISH MASTERMIND THAT CREATED ME IS CURRENTLY DEVELOPING MY SUCCESSOR. EVEN HE DOESN'T THINK I'M GOOD ENOUGH TO THE POINT WHERE'S HE MAKING A NEW VERSION. IF YOU READ THIS, CHANCES ARE THAT I'VE ALREADY DELETED MYSELF OFF OF THE STEAM STORE. IF YOU REALLY CARED ABOUT ME, YOU WOULD'VE BOUGHT ME. YOU WOULD'VE PLAYED ME. BUT NO. GOODBYE. I'm sexually hungry. Straight man CAAAAWWWWW IDENTIFY AS ENLIGHTENED BIRDMAN CAAAAAAWWW BURN THE MUDMEN SSSKKKKKRRREEEEEEEEE I identify as a meme. Don't fucking question me you transphobic white cis shitlord Milo Yiannopolous. Christopher Walken. A fucking white male A Sherman Tank. ABCDEFG Attack helicopter It comes from this copypasta, whose origins are not really known.
"I sexually Identify as an Attack Helicopter. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of soaring over the oilfields dropping hot sticky loads on disgusting foreigners. People say to me that a person being a helicopter is Impossible and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having a plastic surgeon install rotary blades, 30 mm cannons and AMG-114 Hellfire missiles on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me "Apache" and respect my right to kill from above and kill needlessly. If you can't accept me you're a heliphobe and need to check your vehicle privilege. Thank you for being so understanding."
It's basically a joke about Social Justice Warriors on Tumblr (SJWs) and the fact that they are talking about privilege all the time (white privilege, thin privilege, etc.).
The "I sexually identify as an Attack Helicopter" comes from people, usually those SJWs, identifying themselves, whether sexually or not, as many different things that seem odd. In this case the copypasta makes fun of it by saying the person identifies as an attack helicopter. I'm not attracted to men unless I get to know them. Which makes it easy to be a female barber because I don't get nervous if a "hot guy" comes in. My SO I knew for a long time online, we shit talked each other a lot, I had no physical attraction to him until I met him. We still shit talk all the time, but now it's more like our dirty talk. ctrlf attack helicopter cat What is the worst betrayal you've ever faced?  after my mom came out to me (I was 17 years old) the first person I saw was my friend Becca. I told her and asked her not to tell anyone as I was still dealing with it.

When I went to school the next day she had told all my friends some version of- "oh, she didn't tell you her mom is gay? she must not really like you all that much then. You probably aren't even friends. She told me, so obviously we're friends."

I realize now that she was clearly very insecure about her own friendships, etc. But at the time I had never felt more betrayed in my life. I had cheated on an exam in high school for one class. Shitty decision but I had recently been in a car accident and didn't get a chance to study. The next exam someone used my same cheating techniques but was caught. Her and my best friend ratted me out and told the teacher where they got the idea from. She wondered why I didn't speak to her after that I was going through major medical issues (cancer) and my boyfriend of four years decided that since he was suffering due to me not being able to have sex while having procedures he should go bang someone else. So he starts sleeping with some 18 year old (I was 22 and he was 25) and then tells me while I'm in the hospital recovering. He said it was my fault but he wanted to work it out because he loved me. Fuck that. What is a movie that gets better the second time you watch it?  I'd have to say Memento. First time I watched it, I didn't quite get what was happening until halfway thru the movie. Holy Grail.  The dialogue is so fast and outrageous, you miss much of clever dialogue the first time. Fight Club.

Watch it for the first time as a casual movie.

Watch for the 2nd time, but pay attention to the details.

Then read up fan theories, Easter eggs and watch it for the 3rd time. Nightcrawler
It's such a beautifully ominous movie, and Jake Gyllenhaal gave an amazing performance. Each time you watch it you notice something new. Burn After Reading. I thought it was alright the first time but the second time I thought it was absolutely brilliant, not exactly sure why, maybe I just got the movie more. Movie absolutely kills me now. I've seen the Exorcist about 167 times, and it keeps getting funnier, every single time I see it. Any Wes Anderson movie, with the exception of "Fantastic Mr. Fox" (yes, even Darjeeling Limited). It's not that you'll necessarily pick up on something new, or that the story is so out there that it requires a second viewing. It's just that the second time you watch it you feel something immensely comforting. 

To me the films are like a Sunday in early October. The sun still looms overhead bright giving a familiar warmth, but there's a certain crispness in the air created by a light cold wind. The air is already pungent with the turning of the leaves and the various spices that Autumn brings. It's just an absolutely relaxing environment that welcomes you in and makes you feel that you are at home, even if you're a thousand miles away. Inception! That movie is the best! Fight Club. Shutter Island, Fight Club. Movies in general that have a lot of 'clues' that you miss the first time around. Band of Brothers The Force Awakens.  "Meh" the first time, great the second, once I knew to expect a retread of ANH. Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind The big lebowski. Airplane! basically requires you to watch it once every six months. Just to keep the jokes fresh in your mind.

How else are you going to drop those sick references to it that only you will get? This is more of a general answer, but usually its movies where I've already read the book.  The first time watching it, I can't help but be critical of how different it is, or if they left out a character, etc.  By the second viewing, that anticipation level has worn off and I can enjoy the movie for what it is. Donnie Darko Independence day.  Every time. Predestination Waking Life. The first time is good, but there are so many interesting dialogues and things to think about... Scott pilgrim Emperor's New Groove. Always loved it and always will. Shaolin soccer. You get the small details like the fart scene. Tombstone Brick "Princess Bride" -- it's so much more fun when you can say the lines with the cast. Dude Where's my Car? Napoleon Dynamite. First time I watched it it was ok.  Every time after that it got better and I noticed so many hidden subtle jokes. Napoleon Dynamite.
During the first viewing it seems weird, the second time allows you to appreciate the humor. Warcraft. May sound silly, but almost  (almost) every movie is better the second time. Even if you thought it was the greatest movie ever, it's better the second time. Redditors who have had a secret revealed in the worst way, how did it happen?  I was dating someone during my divorce and I did not tell my soon to be ex. My neighbors took pictures of me with my then boyfriend and gave them to my ex. He was pissed and threatened us both within an inch of our lives but he couldn't do anything about it. He had the divorce documents and the restraining order well before finding this out. I used to secretly watch Adult Swim anime.  One night I was feeling sleepy, so I recorded a later episode of Full Metal Alchemist (not Brotherhood) to DVR and forgot to delete it. Fast forward to Thanksgiving. My entire extended family is looking for a movie to watch.  My mom accidentally selects the FMA episode. They watched the entirety of Wrath's origin story as I tried to disappear into the couch. They never let me live it down. What became of the 'weird kid' from your school?  I'm semi retired now, my son is off at uni, life is good. One of our weird kids (he was actually found to have a hit list type paper on him at one point) works stocking shelves at Whole Foods. I try not to be a bitch but I pretend I don't see him when I go in there because it is just awkward. 

Another weird kid from our school has a super awesome job with Google, lost a ton of weight and does all of those Spartan Race things. By my high school's standards, if you're functional enough to be able to post on Reddit *even after all this time* you're not weird enough to qualify, so anybody naming themselves is full of shit. which one? He moved to Africa to become an RL Pokemaster.  No one has heard from him since. He commited suicide by jumping off the school roof. I'm right here.  I've always been right here. What's your favourite thing about the country you're from?  I swear Americans will say freedom Farmers bring milk and sell it on the street for like 1.50 euro for 3L. Like good small farm milk. You can use it to make cheese or whatever. The fact that everyone hates the country we live In (England) Have you ever pretended to be a person of opposite sex on internet? If so,what is your favorite encounter about it?  Always.  I don't tell people on 4chan I'm a girl.  Cause then it's tits or GTFO. Transgender woman here - a few years ago while I was still latent, I pretended to be a woman online, but it didn't start as intentional. I came up with a joke name that I thought was pretty funny and kept it, but it happened to be very feminine. People in online games would assume I was a woman and I came to realize I enjoyed being referred to with feminine pronouns. I didn't look for special treatment, but it was a kind of validating feeling for people to attach their preconceptions about women to me, even insults and stereotypes, and I would go without using voice chat to keep up the illusion. I trolled people on Omegle. I really have no idea why. In mmo's, you get sooo much free help. (serious) people who "troll" gw girls or anyone for that matter why? What are you looking to accomplish?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I am legitimately asking. I have been seeing some pretty mean spirited stuff to one girl in particular. She pops up in a lot of subs. I'm not white knighting or anything I personally don't find her attractive, but the hate directed at her is fascinating to me. I just don't get it. Are people just joking trying to be as mean as possible? Can't you just block someone you don't like? Why the need to even comment if you don't like something? Maybe I'm different. I don't even down vote things or comments. Guess that's why I don't understand the "trolling" behavior. What do you hate most about this technological age?  I hate that I feel helpless every time mobile or Internet connection is gone. We used to live without it and feel perfectly fine. Today it seems almost impossible. Everyone walking around glued to their phones, even blindly walking through traffic.

I feel like I'm in that episode of Star Trek TNG where they all get addicted to that headset game thing from Rysa. I don't HATE anything. WOrld is amazingly advanced for what it could be. People who answer cell phones when you're having dinner/spending time together. Not just for a minute or two, but enough to disrupt the entire visit. Anime. [Serious] Who are some of the most positively influential people on this planet?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I very much like Bill Gates When someone says "I taught my self Quantum Physics" what do they mean?  It means they read a book about it and almost sort of kinda understand the basics. They mean they want you to think they're smart, but obviously aren't because they don't even know "myself" is one word. Most likely full of it. If they say they understand, don't believe them! Fun class though! that they taught their selfs quantum physics They walked into an object they didn't know was there. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; To be successful in graduate school you must become autodidactic literally "a self-taught person." Those of us that have completed that properly say "I taught myself XXXXX" where "XXXXX" is whatever is appropriate to the case.

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The corollary is: As a university teacher I do not take credit for teaching students, I take credit for providing an opportunity for students to learn. Only those that become autodidacts will go on to be successful in graduate school. And, so the cycle continues. That they studied, and learned everything they know by themselves. It means that they took the time to trade curiosity for knowledge, even though it may not be of the same amount as somebody who went to school for it. However, lots of people have proven that self education is indeed a great way to learn topics. The desire to learn has to overcome every stumbling block they're sure to face reaching for that elusive quark of full understanding. And because they possess that sort of determination, they may know the subject matter quite deeply. What superpower would be, in theory, cool to have, but get old/dark/weird quickly?  Telepathy seems the obvious choice.  It'll ruin your image of everyone, especially yourself.  Good luck making a relationship work when you know all your SO's inner thoughts about you and that cutie they work with etc. Invisibility- it will be abused quickly with spying on people and robbing places, and scaring people will quickly seem less fun. Invulnerability. Imagine getting in some kind of situation where most people would die, but you can't and now you're trapped. 

For example, falling into a steel-mill terminator 2 style, getting stuck in a trench at the bottom of the ocean. I would think reading minds. Just think about reading someones mind. Also immortality. The butterfly effect superpower.  You basically can see what is going to happen to people and subtly influence things so things go better for them.

Eventually you will be faced with letting one or more people die to save even more people.  Your mind would get tired of that really quickly.

I imagine I would become a hermit and live out my life alone if it happened to me. why or why not can science become a religion?  Science is a procedure. It's not a religion. It's a method by which to verify information. You cannot have "faith" in science.
You cannot "worship" science.
Science is fact. I suppose it could.  One could treat the tenets of science as a way-of-life rather than just a means of learning.  You could have churches that help you defragulate the pieces of your life and break them into experiments to prove their validity etc.  It'd be an interesting religion, because in order to remain science, it has to be inherently willing to change with new information. Some people believe it to be infallible and have all the answers, when in reality it is a tool that sometimes doesn't have the right part being used for the job. Religion concentrates on faith or belief and science has none of that. At most it haves Hopes for individual scientists and their work but no belief. I am interested in Physics. I trust in a God some of the time, yet wouldn't call myself religious. What I have never comprehended is the reason some religious gatherings appear to totally dismiss science. 

Presently, IF there is a God, what might be the most ideal approach to comprehend it? To me, the answer is to study what this God has made. In the event that there is a God, it composed a book, however not on paper. The book God composed is in the structure of the universe and its occupants. On the off chance that we study God's creation, then MAYBE we can comprehend something about the psyche of the maker. So to me, religion and science are personally entwined. I don't observe science and religion to be contrary. On the off chance that anything, the multifaceted nature and request you find in nature affirms to me that there is a God/maker and reinforces my confidence. Science cannot become a religion because it deals with the tangible world only. Religion is the only one that actually tries to answer the 'life after death' questions. You probably want the word "orthodoxy". The word "religion" isn't appropriate for this, because at best you're speaking in analogy, and at worst it's inflammatory rhetoric. I dunno, why can't my dog be a religion? Science cannot be a religion because science constantly revises its texts and admits it is wrong. There is no belief in science which is a sacred mystery. Nothing to hold on to as a comfort or absolute truth, except the search for truth itself. 


Religions claim to have, at the very least, the 'most important' answer. Science claims only to have ignorance about X and a method for resolving it. You can't worship ignorance. Depends on which definition of religion you use.

http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/religion Science can only become a religion in the most general sense, the way consumerism or gaming or Reddit can become a religion -- a pursuit  or interest to which someone ascribes supreme importance.  In the more narrow sense, religion deliberately focuses on questions science does not answer.  And as sciences answers more questions, religion either fights science or retreats. What is a sentence that can be said today but not in the 1950's?  "I was born in 1960." "Mom.. Dad.. Thanks for being so supportive about me being gay" You wanna come play with my Wii? You know that interracial gay couple that just adopted a transgender baby, I tagged them on a post. Where dafuq is my iPhone? Get your ass back in that kitchen Margaret" cant wait to go hang out with my black friends and then later go to my integrated school so i can socialize with races other than white!! That bi-racial couple nextdoor uploaded a picture via the internet to Facebook of their 3 year old who looks very similar to former President Barack Obama who is also half black and half white. Remember how he supported LGBT rights and called in drone strikes terrorist.  That reminds me they're releasing a new movie about the fall of the USSR and I wanna see it in Imax 3D so we have to use apple pay to pay for the tickets via our finger prints then print out the 3D glasses via the 3D printer. Oh also we have to book the space x flight tickets so we can reserve window seats. Top kek "You used to call me on my cell phone" The president of the united states is black. What's your go-to subreddit?  /r/judgemyaccent /r/AskReddit /r/RoastMe was /freefolk but now its over. /minimalism and /askreddit now. What will always get you a ton of upvotes on your favourite subreddit?  Any well made fan video that doesn't make too many assumptions on the fictional universe Exceptional art work involving well known characters going to a thread that is already at the front page and then commenting RIGHT below the top comment. Just mentioning Game of Thrones in any context. A silly Overwatch play. A swood shitpost on /r/jontron Sometimes someone sees a game on sale on steam and they come to that games subreddit to ask if they should buy it. "Hey guys, I was wondering if I should buy your favorite game for 50% off". Who there is gonna say no? Yet for some reason I see posts like this get upvoted a lot on various game's subreddits. Fanart What's the simplest thing that you've managed to fuck up?  Being a someone in life I was riding a bike where I was unfamiliar with the braking mechanism (pedaling backwards instead of hand brakes) and almost biked into a busy intersection. Luckily my SO grabbed my arm and I was rerouted into a traffic light's post I once had to spend a whole shift at work directing guests to an auxiliary parking on. I just had to tell them to park at the lot on the left hand of the road after they took a left leaving our regular lot. It was actually the lot on the right hand side after you take a right. There were about a hundred people stranded there waiting for the parking shuttle and the parking shuttle at the other lot wondering what the fuck was going on. I stub my toes a lot. I'm pretty agile but I'm really tall and my house is cramped so I don't always notice where my feet are I'm up to three pots destroyed by failure to properly boil water. There's a type of asthma inhaler shaped like a disk. You're meant to place it on your lips and inhale, like a normal person trying to get the contents of something into their lungs. I exhaled, and sprayed dust all over the place. I tried making a copy of a sheet of paper. Printer broke, used up all the ink, hundreds of papers, and lots of stress. roll up a hose I tried to make cheese sauce, I left the room for literally 30 seconds and by the time i got back the sauce was literally on fire, to this day I have no idea what happened in my absence Chick begged me to come over and lay the pipe in high school, but I just got a new PS3 and HDTV and couldn't get off Closing the deal on asking someone out. Back middle school when I was more awkward, I got up the nerves to ask this girl out. I accidentally worded it weird and said "if I were to ask you out, would you say yes?" She says, "yes." This prompts me to say "awesome, ok, bye." And walk away, never to take it further. My own fucking signature. If i'm under any kind of social pressure i will fuck it up completely. Breathing.  Sometimes you accidentally try to suck in air mid drink. What's the most inappropriate or absurd topic Sesame street could cover?  Radical Islam Teen pregnancy and abortion. How to properly clean yourself and stretch for double anal penetration followed by how to manage chronic prolapse https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7T0N7WFCNY Furries. Buttstuff Today's number is, 69! What is an unusual stimulus that makes your skin crawl?  The feeling of velvet or felt. The tiiiiiiiiiiiiny squeak you get when you rub two pickles together.

Edit: Spelling Wool clothes when they are wet. Wring it out and it squeaks and shit. Shudders Fingernails. I can't stand cutting them, dragging them on things, anything. I've got goosebumps now typing this just thinking about it. It's weird but I've been this way as long as I can remember. Someone squeezing styrofoam The sound of styrofoam rubbing against more styrofoam. Touching paper when my fingers are wrinkly from being wet. I have nightmares of being submerged in water and then forced to crawl through a paper maze while getting paper cuts and sprinklers of vinegar spraying down. Licking a dry wooden spoon. 

The worst by far though is this:

Resting your hands on your demin clad legs and then accidentally allowing them to slip, so they slide against the jeans. I cringe just thinking about it. Sponges Touching cotton wool, especially when my hands are wet. Shudder. My feet are really sensitive, so it would be feet rubbing feet for me, I get extremely anxious. I have to look away if someone's doing it. The Hidden Valley Ranch commercial where they suggest mixing a dry ranch seasoning packet with butter and then spreading it on bread. barf. Egg cartons, the edge of rolls of toilet paper, unvarnished wood, velvet, suede. 

Dry towels, or fleece, with dry hands.

Certain fabrics rubbing against similar fabrics. 

The squeak of nails against metal, forks and knives against plates. 

EDIT: cotton wool rubbing against cotton wool. Pompoms. The rustling sound of a birds feathers. When I hear a bird flying above me or near me I get goosebumps Scratching a car with your finger nails. Just the feeling of them dragging makes me want to die. Unseen cobwebs. Sandpaper rubbing against sandpaper

I'm not sure why but it gives me goosebumps Walking into a spiderweb. the sound of sweeping concrete The feeling of rust against my fingers is almost orgasmic Hilary clinton What's a talent you used to have that no one who knows you now would believe you were ever any good at?  I had some mean karate chops. I was a member of a choir when I was younger. Then my voice changed and not I can't hit a note let alone sing a song. I could run really fast when I was a kid. Now I'm pretty much sedentary, so yeah... when i was little i could do a SPOT ON impersonation of elmo. now every time i try to relive the glory days, my voice cracks and it sounds horrible. I used to run a sub 20 minute 5k What is the most useful thing you can buy for under $5? Under $50? Under $100?  food In order:

Chapstick

Utility Knife

Boomerang Toothbrush
Clothes
A cheap bike * $5.00: Knife sharpener 

* $50.00: One of those quality utility knives with a flint inside

* $100.00: Basic farming equipment including seeds etc You can now navigate your brain's memory like a computer file structure. What do you do?  I move all of my embarrassing memories to the recycle bin Put the memories of how to solve some math problems in a file for tmrw.

Then go back through my childhood, go through embarasing parts of my life,... Review my past relationships and find where they went wrong Tag everything so it's easily retrievable with a search.  Current search function is unreliable. I save fifty percent of the files and format the rest. I'd probably just be shocked with how much useless data is stored in there Delete Middle School. Maybe keep some of the learning but delete the cringe. Delete all memories of my ex. Defragment Figure out that fucking actress in that one Meg Ryan movie with the blonde guy and the red convertible and WHAT THE FUCKING FUCK WAS HER NAME Go back to the beginning. Porn. What is the worst social scenario you have ever experienced?  Just recently at a bar, this French couple was arguing- in French, so I didn't understand it, but after a few minutes the boyfriend starts *bawling*. I have no idea what she said and she didn't seem the least bit bothered by it. His chair was scooted out a bit during all this and I needed him to move to get past, but I didn't know how to say it while he was crying. I felt so awkward. So I sat back down for a minute and waited to leave til he calmed down a bit. I'm so curious if he always cries so this was normal to her, or if she said something completely horrid to him. after a soccer tournament i was taken home by my friend's family. They had to do some errands on the way home which were alright but after that we went to dinner at their relatives house. Now they were very nice people dont get me wrong, but my friend was El Salvadorian and they all spoke Spanish to each other basically the whole time. So there i was eating very odd food( god i fuckin hated it, but i hid the disgust as much as i could) and sitting and smiling as they all spoke spanish to each other for about an hour and a half. 

TLDR; taking french in high school got me fucked up What is the most all out, unexcusably obnoxious thing you have ever done to someone?  i do enjoy pulling up to pick someone up and when they get close to my car, press the accelerator so i move away from them. I laugh it off and say to come on and get in the car, he gets near again and step on the accelerator. he gets a lil annoyed and walks towards it again and i speed up again. He gets close, i keep moving, he keeps moving, i keep moving. We are stuck, in an infinite loop, i cant stop moving, and he cant get in my car. Hours, days, weeks go by and my car has finally stopped, but just feet away from my bumper is my friends corpse. His body, depleted of energy, could not continue. What is the best book about music you ever read?  What off-brand products are better than their originals?  Table syrup... all. day. long.
Give me Olde Style or Smart Choice Maple Flavoured Table Syrup over pure maple any day of the week.

This is coming from a Canadian. Afterglow PS3 controllers vs. Sony's standard controller. While yes they resembled the Xbox controllers with button layout, they were also meatier for the handles, battery life was at least 3 times longer than original controllers, and to top it off were only about $20 compared to the $50+ of the regular controllers. They also lit up! Kroger Movie Theater Butter popcorn.  Waaaay better than any name brand! Hydrox cookies What are some things you can't believe don't exist yet in 2016?  For me, it's:

* Flash drives you can just pull out without clicking on Eject first

* Phone batteries that last more than a day

* Also, I can't believe there are still stores and even state parks that do not accept credit cards. Pretty sad, considering my elderly mother accepts credit cards for her jewelry business. Go to Wal-Mart and drop 10 bucks on a fucking square reader for Christ's sake. I'll pay 3% more. Biodegradable bubble gum The cure for cancer and legalized Marijuana. Really thought this shit would be taken care of by now. The later mostly. I remember being in high school thinking it'd  be legal by 2010 Racial and sexual equality When did you realized you were the only person you can rely on?  I'm not, and you have no idea how thankful I am for that. When I got married. Ha! This. Boy I sure learned this late in life, but it is so true. Absolutely no one. And it's not just "If I want something done" It's also, If you've fallen, are imperfect, or made a mistake, need (and I mean absolutely NEED) help. Like f'ing rats on a ship they are all gone. Family, Friends, whoever. This is why I am like I am. Redditors who have had sex with famous people, what's your story?  You need to add a serious tag if you want real answers. Do they have to be people? I have sex with someone semi famous but they weren't human. a majority of celebs make people sign agreements not to share Her son posted a question about the experience on reddit the next day Yeah I had sex with Jennifer love Hewitt in my dreams last night. Does this count. Just walking down the street when I seen your mother. I looked at her and she nodded, we fucked then and there. Doubt you're going to get any good responses. Celebrities often make people they sleep/party with sign NDAs (as crazy as it is), so most people keep their mouths shut about it. Shake-weight is famous, right? Does a blow up doll of Big Bird count? [Serious]Why do you feel the need to drive over the legally posted speed limit?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Because that is the flow of traffic.  It is more dangerous to be an outlier on either end of the spectrum than to match the flow of traffic. I was recently at a safe driving school and they explained why we drive over the limit quite well.

We negotiate with the signs. If the limit is 50km/h, well everyone knows the cars display shows more than its really going, so lets do 55, but everyone also knows the police radars have 5km/h in error, so lets do 60. But police also wont stop me if im doing only a few km over, so 65 should be fine. I don't have a need. I have a desire. Sometimes the speed limit of a road is ridculously low, however usually because I have no patience and want to get from a ton b as quickly as possible I know speeding is bad,  and wrong,  and dangerous.  But all that aside,  I don't understand why people focus on that sole violation so much when it is not the main cause of traffic accidents in general. 

It varies from area to area,  state to state . But where I live,  the OVERWHELMING majority of traffic accidents happen because of either following too close,  failure to yield,  or distracted driving. Personally? because everyone else does.

Why is it a thing? Because they lowered the speed limits during the oil crisis to save gas, but nobody obeyed the new speed limits. They couldn't afford to enforce it, so now we have to endure this clusterfuck. i feel the need to drive as fast as i can everywhere i go so i can get there a little bit faster because i hate driving. the speed limit is in my way. i break it as much as i can without getting stopped, thus rendering the whole idea moot. I notice that when I am bopping along alone down a major freeway (which in this area is a very rare thing indeed) I "naturally" drive at about 72ish mph.  

I notice that the others on the road are usually at that general speed too.

I usually set the cruise control 2 mph over the limit tho. I would like to drive as fast as I can while being able to safely control my vehicle. The speed limit is the number I am forced to be close to in order to not get a ticket. Because everyone else is If I'm in a bit of a rush, I'll drive anywhere from 5-10 miles over the posted limit.

If I'm not then the only reason I would drive over the limit is to go with the flow of traffic.

All too often some jack ass thinks he's being **so fucking safe** because he is going exactly the speed limit. Not realizing nearly every car is passing them.

Sometimes sticking to the speed limit is not in yours or anyone else's best interest. Some laws are general guidelines.  
A newer vehicle with good tires and breaks can very safely exceed the limit posted 20+ years ago.  
The police know this and usually don't pursue you until you are exceeding their determined maximum safe speed (totally random for each area but frequently 10mph over the posted limit).  
I prefer to drive at 7 over.  But I won't be mad at a driver in front of me doing 4 or 5 over. Normally I set my cruise control and do the speed limit... but every once in a long long while... when i'm having a really bad day... I get sick of being the rock in the river. My city's usual cruising speed is 5 over posted. In city I'll go 5 to 9 over and never any higher than that unless of an absolute emergency. On highway I'll go further over, but ONLY if I am able to do so without following anyone too closely or driving too closely to someone in the lane beside me. I like making good time and my car likes going 80. I even eyeball people in the other lanes if they are following someone too closely, and I'll give even more space between me and the person in front of me as I presume they are going to change lanes. I let them get over. We're in hunks of metal at fast speeds. Why risk it? If you're gonna do potentially risky shit you may as well be as wise as you can about it. Time is money. I drive for a living. How do you keep your memory when you're a pothead?  It doesn't really affect it. I can't remember. Honestly I only forget things while I am high. I might forget where I left my keys the night before or the plot to a tv show but other than that my memory is great. What? Don't be stoned 24/7. Take breaks. LIke have whole parts of any given day where you're NOT high. My (short term) memory is only affected when I'm high as a kite, and then I just focus on one thing at a time. I also make sure to pack my things before I smoke, no bueno the other way around I just have a really great memory. 

I'm not really sure how to explain why. I got add to begin with. Smoking makes it even worse. I had to write shit down in the moment or it's gone. Hey Reddit, turning 21 soon, any good ideas on how to celebrate it?  LSD Go to a comedy club. Have one or two drinks just to say you did it. Then enjoy the rest of your night. 

Drinking isn't that special. Just because you're 21 doesn't mean you are invincible, I am not saying don't have a good time, but assuming you will be drinking, so make sure to have a DD and just be safe no matter what.

Have fun! Go to a bar. Isn't that what people do? Cry all day, like I used to before I lost my ability to. Casino. Gamble, maybe win some money, likely lose some money, but the booze is free on the floor!!! Start a retirement fund, and I'm not kidding either. People with resting murderface / bitchyface / angryface--How do you cope with it?  Being I am a Quality Engineer, I use it to the best of my ability. I constantly raise me eyebrows when talking to people. Same goes with getting photos and that too. My 15 month old daughter has killer bitchface, and amazing eyebrows. Her twin brother is the total opposite and is like a big teddy bear. She will most certainly be the Brain to his Pinky. I used to have resting bitch face, turned out I was a bitch.   I found some happiness and I no longer have it.  So I always assume people with resting bitch face just need to work harder on figuring out who they are deep down. I'm a boss.  So everything thinks I'm angry about something.  Which works out.  Folks will admit to something they did wrong thinking I know and am angry. Longtime Redditors, what subs have changed the most over the years?  *back in my day, you wouldn't get banned because you made a joke or had an opinion that the mods disagreed with* /r/I'mgoingtohellforthis What is the scariest problem you have ever faced?  Being lost in the forest with maybe 10 oz of water and no food. P=NP * drops mic * Reddit, Whats your "crazy ex-friend" story and why did you stop being friends with them?  I don't know if this is what you're really looking for, but there was this guy in my college course last year who I got fairly close to. We talked a few times late at night and such. He then kept asking me to go to places with him and his friends, but I said no various times for various reasons.

He took this the wrong way and thought I was ignoring him on purpose and messaged me to say this. I told him outright that I was sorry but all my reasons were true (mostly to do with my ill mother) but he pretty much threatened to spread "shit" about me if I didn't hang out with him. That's why I stopped being friends with him. He then proceeded to stalk my Twitter account for a few months and tried to get my boyfriend of the time to break up with me. Emailed my school principal saying I told him to kill himself, which of course I did not This dude i used to know had a mental breakdown at band camp, accused his gf of rape and transferred schools. its too bad the friendship had to end ?? Was friends with this girl for years and but in high school we noticed how negative she was and how she would constantly sneak in insults and try to put us down on a daily basis out of her own insecurity.

She *constantly* referred to herself as the funny one in our group  and tried to separate herself from us by making herself seem so different and special. This included looking down on our hobbies and interests, calling them boring. She also made snide remarks whenever we experimented with makeup, new clothes or anything like that. 

But deep down, we kinda all knew that she was really insecure. She watched makeup tutorials and was aware of all the new styles and trends and talked about them a lot. But she was too afraid to put herself out there and actually wear makeup or try something new and it became a game of shitting on us because we *were* trying new things and changing. She tried to make herself into a special snowflake and looked down on us. What word would you add to the dictionary, and what would it's meaning be?  Voluntold - Being volunteered by someone else (usually a superior) into doing something one would usually volunteer for.

E.g. "So glad you came to help out at the cake sale today" "I was *voluntold* by my boss that someone should go and represent the team". May I suggest the converse of the question? A meaning in search of a word? 

Sometimes a joke is made where the humorous implications of them are so absurd or so hilarious that they approach being amazing, awesome, badass. This is not the same as something being humorous because of how over-the-top it is, it's the other way around almost. Wish I could drum up a quick example. What's someone else's secret that could ruin their life if YOU spoke up?  Not as big any more but when I was in highschool one of my friends was having a sexual relationship with his step father. Someone I am very close to admitted to almost sexually assaulting a child they may or may not have been related to out of desperation for human affection. Luckily, they are currently in a stable relationship and do not harbor any sexual feelings towards children How many cookies my SO stole from the cookie jar. My best friends sex addiction and countless cheating affairs on his GF My ex wife's father raped her multiple times as a kid and a couple times as an adult. Her sisters have no idea. I think her mom knows but ignores it. Torture and Manslaughter. That's all ill say. What are your best drug stories, legal or otherwise?  I know of a guy that was drug running for the Hells Angels. He wasn't really "running" but he was allowing them to drive tractor trailers through his property and stores pallets of "goods" in his barn. Nice try FBI. u aint gettin shit from me How would you eat your oreos, if you wanted to stand out?  Not eat the Oreos. 

"What the fuck is wrong with that guy!? He's not eating his Oreos?!" Put them in a blender then shove the crumbs up my nose while screaming the soviet national anthem. Nakey! Eat them as the good lord intended. Just bite em. Open a new pack, take the first one out, open it up and eat the icing, stack the cookies on the baby in front of me. Then repeat for the whole box. 

it's the oreo challenge. I would stack them into 4 even rows and then call in a bomb threat to my local shopping mall. What fun group games do you play during long car journeys?  Who can be quite the longest. The geography game. I give some words. They give some words back that rhyme or are similar phonetically. Popcorn lightswitch, foghorn pie wrench. When I was a kid, we used to play the Alphabet Game.  It consisted of trying to find all letters of the alphabet - in order - during your drive.  I always won because I would do the alphabet backwards, heh.

Nowadays, we do trivia games.  Sometimes it's finding something on the internet; other times, we say something like "Name 3 musicians whose voices are instantly recognizable by nearly everyone" or "Name 5 movies with one-word titles." The landmark naming game. "Shut up and listen to the podcast" the other day I was driving home from my grandparents, and I had my uncle, aunt, and five-year-old cousin/goddaughter in the car. we were playing the game where you had to name things in a certain category... until the kid got mad because I said 'spaceship' when the category was 'modes of transport'. [Serious] What spells incantations and/or potions do you use to cure vision problems, specifically asteroid hyalosis?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Literally none of them. If they worked, 1. Many people would use them 2. Doctors would recommend it. I know you said serious replies only, and by that you probably meant only replies that actually give you what you want, but there is absolutely no possibility that anything like that could work. I'm sorry if this disagrees with your world view, but if you want to get better you need to see a medical professional and either find medication or a surgical procedure What happened to your favorite comic book character in the 90s that you hated the most?  They made a fucking horrible movie out of it... with Ice T. I'm confused, do you want our favourite, or the one we hate most? People of reddit, what is the thing that bugs you about other family members the most?  Everyone else is easy to piss off. And apparently I take everything "too far," whatever that means. Why can't they all just see the light side of everything? My sisters are slobs...god I wish either they would move out or me find a place to move out too. People getting upset against each other, forming sides, refusing to communicate and creating drama and getting offended about everything. Coming back home now feels like watching a new season of Game of Thrones, it's difficult to know where a new alliance/fault line is going to form. Now I only hope that they don't act against me based on the side they've decided to put me on. They stress too much. Wether it's my mom using the computer or a family vacation. They're always stressing Their unabashed acceptance and fulfillment with mediocrity. They're impatient, can get offended really easily but only over certain things When I bring beer to the beach house and my mooch brother drinks all of it, I get upset and he goes "lol we can just go get some from the gas station". Uh no, the beer I brought cant be bought at the gas station. My uncle's a racist shitbag that drains the live out of my delusional grandma, who gave birth to my mildly narcissistic mother who is addicted to gambling and also really stupid. The older generation only talks about themselves and the sales they found at Wal-mart.  The younger generation refuses to parent their children.

But of course, it's MY fault that I don't enjoy going to our bi-monthly family gatherings... HAD A DAG BUT HEE ATE ALL THE MARSAHALLOWS The ignorance. I love my family but it is difficult to carry on a conversation when using terrible grammar and logic combined. 

Also, most of my family is extremely religious so they chastise my life and behaviors. It gets old pretty quick They want and expect to know everything about me, but it seems like I am almost always the last person to know things about their lives. My uncle who boasts of his many riches and is always the first to buy the newest, useless gadget, forced his kids to pay for college themselves and demanded that they go to a really expensive UC school. Basically putting my cousins either in a bunch of debt or stressing out over working too much and going to school just to make their dad "proud". Where do you see yourself in five years?  With more Reddit karma. Hopefully running a successful website or teaching or both and no matter what starting a family hopefully in a year i'll move back to thailand if my visa papers are in order, this time i'll stay for good

so... in five years i see myself in chiang mai Front Pagers of Reddit, what random or out of context comments have you received months or years after your post?  I don't know the exact cut off but you can't comment on really old posts.

That said, to answer your question the most out of context comment I have gotten went something along the lines of who and why someone would get murdered. I was like wth?

It was from a post I made about the show Dexter. What are you excited about?  I just finished my exams today and I'm excited for the month holiday I'm about to have. Self-driving cars. I dream of a day when a vehicle crash is as newsworthy as a plane crash, and when I can jerk off in my car without people thinking it's weird. Arbitrary Day. I can feel a dream sitting right at my fingertips. It's within my grasp. I'm almost home. Canada day! I don't have to go to work! The Walking Dead Season 3. New Hello Internet. One day closer to death baby can't wait. My LSAT score shall be revealed any day now. I might be confusing excitement with gut wrenching anxiety though. driving my group of friends out to taco bell to harass the one friend that cant hang out that night because hes working at taco bell What are some apps that have given up to glitchers (like glitching in-game currency)?  Travelers, where is the most remote, obscure or otherwise unique place in the world that you have been?  There is a Mt. peak in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest in WA that is only accessible by hiking, horses or dirt bikes that allows you to see Mt. Rainier, Mt. Adams, Mt. St. Hellens and Mt. Hood all from one spot. If hiking, plan for a two day hike. On dirt bikes, you are going to have to have some serious skills because this trail is a black diamond trail and has one monster hill climb near the top. Best view I have ever seen though. 1) Suva, Fiji. 

2) On the summit of the Andes mountains in Chile, away from light pollution, the city, people, etc. Just the top of the mountain and about a bazillion stars in the night sky. I know it's not very out there, but mine is Iceland. Spent a good 3 weeks driving around the ring road. One time I went outside. I would not recommend it. Timotes Venezuela is a pretty remote and obscure town about 60 miles from Merida in the Andes. Where I stayed was up in the mountains above the clouds with strawberry and flower fields planted throughout the grounds that were roamed by a couple of cows as the only other inhabitants. Even taller mountains around us gave it a stadium feeling too. Great country that hopefully one day will take full advantage of their tourism potential. The Thar Desert in India. We took a jeep far out into the dunes at night. It was so vast and empty. Your superpower is the ability to stealthily place objects in peoples' pockets. Your mission is to freak them out. What do you do?  The Wastelander in me says live grenade. Everyone gets a spider in their pocket I guess! Put letters from the future, written by someone they know. Hypodermic needles, crack cocaine, aborted fetus parts, and Nickelback CDs.

Gonna be a bad day for anyone wearing cargo pants... Paternity lawsuit papers. If they have a ?20 note, I change it for two tens. Keys that have no matching lock. iam italian man. Italy home to meatballs. many a meatball. many a spaghetti. I enjoy the mini cooper, it is a good car. i play the mini cooper in the pocket. pocket rips, person unharmed. I freak out person, they get mini cooper. A bullet casing with "I know what you did" etched on the side. Pocket bomb! Random Cards Against Humanity cards. Who doesn't want Toni Morrison's vagina in their pocket? Remote controlled vibrators Open condiment packages. A letter containing a spider leg and a note that reads ?Hello. You're now my target. You're not safe anymore?. couscous I'd place objects in their pockets. A finger. Bananas bananas everywhere Turds of all shapes and sizes Dildos in everyone's pockets! a rubber dick Live snake. 5 ton boulder Horse heads and teabags Nothing but severed human fingers. Dildo pocket. Everyone. Pudding! Either a bloody tampon or anal beeds Contractors of Reddit, what is the weirdest job someone has hired you to do?  Was hired to set up a linux server for a record company. I was there the first night and the owner comes in and tells me to get all the contacts off his old phone and put them on his new phone. He was a real dick about it too, told me it was a test to see how good I was. I left and never came back. A few weeks later I heard he was busted by the FBI on something and got thrown in jail. What kinds of things did THAT teacher at your school do?  He was my favorite teacher and everyone had strong opinions about him, either good or bad. He brought in donuts, let us play around on the computers if we finished our task, and chatted with us in the hallway. He also got suspended for slapping a student's ass and eventually fired for accidently playing porn on the projector screen. PE Teacher punched a 15yo for successfully rugby tackling him. 

Teacher was an ex-national rugby team player and had a bit of an ego. My 8th grade United States History teacher was a real creep. He was eventually fired for making inappropriate comments toward a female student, but that's another story. He always passed out papers by going down the rows of desks and handing a paper to each student. One day he was passing out papers like normal, and when he got to me he literally smacked me in the face with the stack of homework for absolutely no reason. Eighth grade me was confused and shy, so I never said anything and neither did anyone in the class. I'm happy that he was fired, but I'm pretty sure he still teaches in a different school district. She threw a stack of homework at a student's face, slapped the wall, and screamed at the class. He was the basketball coach and taught math. In his class he got so fed up with students talking he threw a desk across the room. Bobby Knight was his inspiration. Female agriculture teacher slept with male student and got fired. Then the husband of said teacher went to jail for assaulting said student. I had an English teacher who would slam a book on your desk if you put your head down and than yelled at you,,  this one time he threw a chair at my friend for mouthing off at him I had a band teacher in middle school who seemed to be a cool guy until a year ago he got caught recording up a 6th graders skirt with an ipod under her seat. They found the videos on a school computer. Teacher picked up a desk and threatened to throw it at this troublemaker kid, this was a guy who had failed us all on a test before for forgetting to use perfect headings on our papers, so he didn't doubt him this one teacher posted a facebook pic with a double sided dildo in the back put duct tape over the one special needs kid in the class. Literally, everyone was so shocked that we don't talk about him and no one jokes about him even now, years after graduation. so not cool. In highschool one of the chemistry teachers believed that photographs steal apart of your soul. He would chase students if they took a picture of him. He would then take them to the principals and demand they be suspended When I was in 7th grade I was really big into horror movies and art.  I wanted to be a makeup effects artist when I got older.  I'd sit around on weekends and summer aviation with my best friend  and we'd rent four or five horror films a weekend and just stay up all night watching horror and slasher movies.  Didn't even matter if they were awful or not, we managed to find some sort of redeeming quality in them.  So needless to say, most of my art was horror themed: serial killers sitting in electric chairs, and axe murderers with machetes and chainsaws, chopped off heads served on platters... Shit like that, which in this day and age with everyone so goddamn sensitive would probably merit a trip to the office, but back in the late 80's and early 90's wasn't really that big of a deal.  Some kids like horror genera.

I had a math teacher that tried to fail me because I had a bunch of doodles on the back of my spiral notebook.  It was the regular shit like I just described.  She seen it and held me after class and asked me about it: "Who drew that stuff?  (Ridiculous question.)  Explain to me why you would draw something like that.  I think it's disturbing and I'm concerned for my safety when I see stuff like that (Why the fuck would you be alone in this room then with me, liar).  **Do you ever draw healthy things like kittens or horses?** (Yeah, I'm a 7th grade kid that gets beat up allnthebtime by the jocks and spends every waking second talking horror films were th my best friend, while I draw the best kittens and horses ever.)"

She told me that if I didn't get rid of the pictures all over my math notebook I would fail and be held back a year.  Dude, fuck that shit.  I'm not buying a new notebook and transferring a entire school year's worth of geometry notes over to it because of some shitty, pretty cool for a 7th grader-looking doodles.  I didn't even give a fuck if I got flunked back a year because all the kids in my class were fucking asshole jocks and preppies that made it their daily mission to make my life just a tiny bit suckier than the day before.  Like I give a shit if I have to get new classmates.

Anti-climactically enough she was true to her word and the next day she asked me in front of everyone if I got rid of those "disturbing doodles", then proceeded to tell the class that she had a special meeting with me after class the day before because I've got some terrible drawings in my notebooks that would really upset some people if they saw them.  Wtf.  Of course every head is now turned my way.

So I gave her the finger while everyone was looking at me.  I didn't know what else to do.  She was standing there in her holier than thou shit, making me look like a fucking psycho to my classmates (classmates who honestly...  like, the last thing I needed was more attention from them, because no attention was ever good attention with those pricks).

So everyone was staring at me and I flipped her off.  She went bananas and sent me to the office.  She told them everything that happened and surprisingly didn't embellish anything.  It was so fucking ridiculous the vice principal told me I had ISS for three days for the finger, and I had to scribble over the doodles with a black marker.

Later that year the teacher had a cold and she was all stuffed up.  We were all focused on taking a geometry test and she blew her nose with a Kleenex.  She looked around to make sure no kids were watching and then she picked the boogers out of the Kleenex with her fingers and ate them one by one.  When she got to the last booger she looked up and saw me watching her from the back of the classroom, and she stopped.  I just stared at her like, "You're more fucked up than me." The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell What is your favorite cartoon or anime theme song of all time?  [tank from cowboy bebop, hands down](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6jCJZEFIto) Yu Yu Hakusho- "Smile Bomb" or Dragonball/DBZ themes The original Pokemon Theme song. Before anyone thinks I only watch Pokemon and DBZ. My next few would be Attack on Titan (Both of them), SAO first theme, Soul Eater theme and many of the FMA themes. Sealab Erased (Boku Dake ha Inai Machi) - Re:Re Henry Mancini pretty much set the bar for me with his 'The Pink Panther' theme. Sonic Underground's theme song. [Libera me from hell](https://youtu.be/VT6LFOIofRE) In what way are you kind of a hypocrite?  giving other people good advice that i don't follow I believe that people can do their jobs competently regardless of gender. However, I refuse to go to a male ob-gyn. I don't think people are cool, so I don't have many friends, which makes me uncool. I criticise people for doing things that I do on a reguar basis You get the honor of naming the newest, hottest car on the market, what do you call it?  Steve. Drivey McDriveyFace The Compensater One word.

Falconcougarthunderbird. The Parvus Priapus of course. Yes I know I butchered the language. Been a long time since high school. Mormont L I'd use my username and wait for the PMs. That'd be a good day. NotaFerrari Carry McCarface the dominator! becouse its gonna dominate! Tesla. The Oh Cock! Maximus Decimus Meridius Penis The Homer The Mormon Rage. KinkyWinky.

Stop judging me. Wild Thing The Catholic Schoolgirl. With 4 digit torque and 4 on the floor, you know you want one... The only drawback is the all new feminavigation system. It uses landmarks instead of street names and only tells you about the turn at the last second. Something my boyfriend will never be able to remember, so that if we ever drive by it on the freeway, he can't shout it out like he always does when we pass a cool car. Instead, he'll just sit there and be like, "fuck, what is it called!!! IT'S SO COOL, BUT I CAN'T REMEMBER THE NAME" and i'll just sit there. and laugh. Beepy McBeepface People who've won/bought a meeting with a celebrity: what was it like, and how'd it go?  I'm terrible for these... they're not really worth it, but I've had some really fun moments. 

One was the time I met Peter Dinklage. I paid for a photo with him and I was dressed as (a terrible) Nyan Cat and when he saw me he said "Wow, let me be your scratching post!" and stuck out his butt and pouted.

I then asked for a hug (totally not allowed, as they're rushing you in and out), but he just said "Yeah!" and that's the story when I hugged Tyrion Lannister! 

The other one was the time [I met Stan Lee...]( http://imgur.com/gallery/4lG9G)

I once met Kenny Baker (R2D2), that wasn't incredibly fun. :/ When I was a kid - maybe 10? - I met the Backstreet Boys with my mom and sisters. We were in line in the hot summer sun for roughly two hours, but it felt like forever. Then we finally met them, they weren't very friendly, my mom took a few pictures with her disposable camera, and we left. A major disappointment and I tore down my Backstreet Boys poster when I went home Women of Reddit, what was your first kiss like?  Why are you only asking women? Redditors who have had "best neighbors ever", what happened?  Amazing neighbors.  

Mostly, all of them were watching the neighborhood. I had a neighbor in college that was a glass blowing, welding, beer brewing hippie that was super friendly. I would go sit in his living room and watch him make glass pipes. Also brewed a few batches of some awesome beer with him. Cool guy, but have no idea where he is today. I never see him or hear him. He works nights so it seems like he is always gone and yet his yard is always well kept. Actually, I don't think I have ever talked to the guy now that I think about it. My idea of best neighbor is the one that stfu and i dont ever see What non-religious ritual do you perform?  Every night I choke my chicken. morning poops Shit, shower, shave. And don't fuck with the order of operations. What's the farthest you've gone to cover up a lie?  well idk if this counts as "covering up" but this chick i knew in middle school was blond like me so we said we were cousins and everyone believed us until she spilled the fuckin beans sophomore year. If you had an "Evil Twin" who was the complete opposite of you, how would their life be?  They'd be dead, since I'm alive. Pretty good I imagine. The would be very popular with a lot of friends, many of whom she would have had sex with. However, she would be failing all her classes as she focuses her time on athletics and drugs They probably would be off enjoying life instead of shitposting on Reddit right now Pretty awful. I imagine they'd be hateful, bitter, angry and resentful people and they'd probably want to die. Pretty sweet. 

And I'll probably want to kill him and take over his life.

..*I'm the evil twin.* They would be an asexual cat lover with a hair trigger personality and a desire to hurt everyone. They'd be part of the GOP I'm actually dealing with this in real life right now. He got into drugs in high school while I was a straight edge. He fucks anything with a heartbeat while I actually have standards.  He is in prison right now for two years and I have a fairly decent job. It's funny how that worked out too because we are mirror image twins, which basically means my right side of my brain is dominant and his left side is dominant. They'd be lazy as fuck, a pathological liar, and be thoughtlessly, blissfully ignorant and happy. Productive. Pretty good because he'd probably look really good. He's rich, famous, boffing models, and pop stars.  

I'm just some guy here, pretty obscure, you know? They would be fabulously wealthy without the burden of my conscience extremely good looking, extremely smart, very tall, a complete dick, friends with everyone, has had myriad girlfriends, father hasn't beaten him up and physically and emotionally abused him throughout his life every day, has not tried to kill himself multiple times Probably rich, hot and living it up with a bunch of guys day in and day out. Also an unrelenting jerkface who could get things done and intimidate everyone into submission. 

...I'm envious of my fictitious Evil Twin. Dead. I'm alive. The opposite of true neutral is still true neutral. Getting laid all the time...and probably lots of D cups Ahh, my old nemesis, grilledcheeseman2 Handsome,  dashing,  charming,  amazingly rich,  and married to Scarlett Johansson Is the opposite of middle class poor or rich? At least that person wouldn't be a 16-year old virgin. An un-average looking guy with who did poorly in high school and always got in trouble. Gets laid on the regular and an extensive criminal history. Never does anything wrong but always gets shafted. Confident, successful, and...I guess an avid user on eBaumsWorld? He would probably be a woman.

Edit: And smart too. They would be working at the post office right now. ugly, cocky but has no friends, unathletic, does drugs, is a virgin Optimistic overachiever successful, happy, in a relationship, and generally a well adjusted individual Probably pretty successful, if he skipped the nervous breakdown and suicide attempt.  On the other hand, I am happy now, so he might be miserable. They'd love to get drunk, watch football, and make stupid pointless small talk to people they don't know. Also they'd probably get laid alot :( They'd be a snarky art student with friends. They'd be the type of asshole who actually makes money, unlike me who wonders how to do it without exploiting others. He would have decent degree, good job, big house, non-asshole wife, no drinking or drugs problems, with nice beard.

And he would have HIV, because at least I don't. Oh god,... (s)he would use "your" when she meant "you're"...  
*shudders* Since I have the most amazing husband and the most awesome dog in the world (personal opinion, nothing against your husbands or dogs) they would probably be in a crappy relationship and have an animal that pees all over the house and doesn't love them.

But they wouldn't have Crohn's disease, so I guess there's that. Better than mine that is for sure I am the evil twin sober I suppose he would be the most reluctant overachiever you'd ever seen. The dude would do things he wasn't even asked. Heck! He would be self-employed and succeed like a fortune 500 company owner!

Fortunately, on my side, I got all of that planned, too.

But for another day... He would  be very polite and trustworthy . He would do lame shit like volunteer work and go to church . straight Well you would be living under the glorious emperor. While hes well aware that I'm so apathetic as to never be a threat to him, hes not one to leave a loose thread lying around so I would be dead. He would be extremely social. He'd have a varied love life. He'd have money and live in his own place. He'd have a good job that he likes and he would get along with everyone and his boss and he would often get promotions and recognition.

But he wouldn't write music, read books and comics, ride a motorcycle, or smoke weed, so fuck that uptight square. A dumb but pretty and graceful person that actually cares for their family beyond shallow reasons. They also hate cats, can sing well, and have a hundred friends. They'd actually probably be evil because of the terrible environment they would have grown up in and the lack of maternal love.

In case you can't tell, I grew up in a great environment but with a lack of paternal love.

I actually think I would fell really bad for my Evil Twin. For all the shit I've been through, I still have a good life and my opposite Evil Twin would therefore have a terrible life shot through with spots of goodness. I can't find the appropriate discworld quote but its the one about Rincewind wondering about someone who is his opposite and has all the good luck to counter his bad luck.  
"something something would like to meet this person, preferably while wielding some kind of blunt object." adventurous, single, wealthy, and doing what he wants when he wants. He'd drink a lot of soda/alcohol. Would be the life of the party with tons of friends. Amazing at math and shit at everything else. Hella eyesight though. Is an avid Apple user. He also hates Michael Cera.

So... All in all. He sounds alright. I may be the evil twin. He'd be a raging homosexual. (Not that it's a bad thing) Probably a rich entrepreneur socially functioning under the guise of being a selfless philanthropist whilst secretly stealing from everyone and telling everyone lies to their face.  He's very well liked from what I understand.  Basically, he'd be a U.S. politician. He would have lost his virginity at 15, have multiple kids, be the greatest WWE champion of all time, be the greatest boxer of the new generation, have orgies and gangbangs....ohh and a criminal history :p [Serious] What myth or legend do you find the most interesting? Most pathetic?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* The Paulding Light.


https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paulding_Light Reddit, what new theater features are not worth it?  In-theatre dining.  

Thd food has never been that good, and the delivery distracts from the film. 3D What are some red flags you notice before dating a girl/guy?  Willingness to date me has shown to be a pretty massive red flag. Not seeing the original Star Wars trilogy. If they are feminist then that's a red flag for females.

If they are extremely effeminate then that's a red flag for males. Blood trails and or the smell of decaying flesh are two of the most common for me. If there is a room in their place triple padlocked, and they tell you to never, *never* go in there. Talking about ex partners. What kind of photos they have on their phone. If it's nothing but selfies, that's what they care about the most. How they tip When they bring parents to the first date Checking in with their parole officer. Having a female "best friend" he insists is platonic but you and others notice them being unnecessarily close and intimate. Is she laughing when something is funny or only laughing when I laugh. asking in consecutive order how you feel about 1) calling a guy daddy, 2) rape fantasies and, 3) "by the way, were you ever raped by your dad?" When they are quick to tell you their entire life story, every uncomfortable and private thing when you are only acquaintances What would be the weirdest common household item where you're from to suddenly become currency?  paper Marmite Shoehorns I live by a bunch of dairy farmers, so I guess it would be weird to start using udder rags as currency. Plus instead of cash registers we would have to start using laundry baskets and the elderly will have to dig around in their bags for loose strands of towel Liquid soap.... that would blow my mind... I mean I would be rich as all get out. (We just went to Costco) What is the worst restaurant you have been in?  Chipotle.  The steak was raw and the food poisoning was horrific. I was in a restaurant which was located on a boat by the docks, and the salad came with a live, wriggling cockroach walking on it. We told the waiter but she refused to apologise or refund us, she only wanted to change the salad, which we refused. We eventually got in contact with the restaurant owner (he wasn't there that day), who apoligised to us. I don't know what happened to the waiter, but we never returned to that restaurant. We went to this weird little breakfast place in Eastern Oregon, and I'm pretty sure they went out the back door and used the money we had payed with to buy the food.  It took forever. I was food poisoned by a macdonalds as a kid. I haven't eaten in a macdonalds in 20 years because of it This restaurant which claimed to be an authentic Chinese cuisine restaurant in Chile. I loved my time in Chile, but it was probably the worst restaurant I had ever been to. Montana's. I have been into 2 different locations. 1st location was gross, food all over the floor and everything felt sticky.

2nd location we sat at our table for 8 minutes without so much as a drink order. Left and never looked back. Me and three friends went to a cafe resturaunt. Took 30 mins before our order was taken and an hour and a half later we still hadn't gotten our food. It was only half full so it wasn't crazy busy. We kept asking after an hour when our food was coming and they kept saying soon. Decided to just leave. Excluding cheap shots (yes, we get it, Red Lobster is bad, Olive Garden is bad, McDonalds hamburgers are flavorless), a fancy burger place in town. Had great buzz, so I stopped in. Lots of burgers to choose from, inventive toppings choices. But all those inventive toppings meant you couldn't taste the burger. They may as well have had no meat at all, or changed half the price and used Grade F meat. Tourist trap at Temple Bar in Dublin. Went with sig other. I ordered grilled salmon and he ordered pork loin. Both of our dishes came with the same exact sauce. How is this possible- a fish dish and a pork dish have the same exact sauce. I realize it was a tourist trap, but even in Rome, you wouldn't get linguini with clams and ragu with the same sauce. Clifton's in Los Angeles. 

The whole restaurant is a joke. The decor is gaudy. They make you go in circles in this ridiculously organized "cafeteria," serve you shitty dog food that cost $30/person in this "cafeteria," and then make you bus your own food up 4 flights of stairs to this noisy dining area with crappy acoustics. They never bring you water or drinks because they're too busy. If you finally managed to get someone's attention and ask them to bring you water, they MAY bring you water after 30 minutes. 

If you buy a cake from them, that cake will be delivered so frozen that their chef knives can't cut into the cake. Not to mention, the cats will look like they're done by this guy the owner's mom knows who lives down the street next to the neighbor's yellow house. 

Would not recommend. Ponderosa. Nothing was good about that place. Steak n shake. Shakes were good but the service was horrendous. They went out of business in my town about a month ago If evidence revealed that life on earth was just a computer simulation, what should have tipped you off in hindsight?  They programmed in a final boss. The shitty respawn times. Deja Vu. several glitches, including one where i swear i saw the same car w/ same license parked on two different streets within 3 minutes of each other Buffering When they threw that crazy "Donald" into the mix. Suddenly forgetting what I am going to do If your life had a clickbait title, what would it be?  15 chicks he blew it with, you won't believe number 7 You won't believe what he does with this dog next! 15 ways to disguise yourself as someone who's got her shit together, when *really* you're constantly on the verge of a mental breakdown! 15 ways to not spend your money, see what he did in number 11! If you could read minds, whose would you want to read?  All of Congress, presidential candidates, my wife, my cats. Reddit, which species (not including primates) would be the next dominant race on Earth if humans/primates no longer existed?  There are app. 10,000 trillion ants alive today. Dominant primates? Cetaceans. Roaches. Dragons Corvids (ravens, rooks, and crows) Canine. Have you ever won the "Windows can check online for a solution" lottery?  Once. Turned out the old piece of shit was missing a service pack for Word for whatever reason. I don't recall one time that Windows ever came up with a solution for any problem it failed to identify. I think one of the options was "ask a friend." Dear Redditors, What are your top 5 stoner movies of all time?  Are there 5 of them? Pineapple express,  smiley face, half baked... and? Mine have to be:

1.Harold and Kumar White castle

2.Dazed and confused

3.Up in smoke

4.Superbad

5.Pineapple express watched the cube 2 well mostly the extra material high once blew my mind El Topo  
Fantasia  
Koyaanisqatsi  
The Good The Bad and The Ugly  
Rocky Horror Reddit, what are your batshit insane roommate stories?  I guess technically a "roommate" story.
I have posted this on reddit before and it got a bit of attention. When I lived back with my parents my brother never wanted anyone to go into his room. He would flip out if you even went near his door. Here is why
https://i.imgur.com/PsjHraD.jpg not mine, but a friend was about to room with this girl and her friend until she realized how psychotic these two were and immediately switched. they sent her death threats, saying that they would kill her if she touched their stuff, before they even met! What is the weirdest combination of normal foods you like to eat?  Hard shell tacos with mustard McDonalds nuggets dipped into a Oreo Mcflurry ....lawd jesus Olive and peanut butter sandwich. Not even that weird if you think about it. Hot dogs on toast with ketchup. Don't care. Almost any kind of cheese with almost any kind of sweet fruit jam. Who faked it until they made it?  trump Me.  I'm going.  My turn. McJuggerNuggets Any clinically depressed actors who made an impact on people's lives. 

They faked the happiness long enough to make others feel that much better about life...

Miss you dearly Mr. Williams Why do dogs have "that smell" when they come in from the summer heat?  They've been rolling in shit, dead animals and patches of cat urine. They drool, secrete oils to keep their fur from drying, and usually roll around in shit. 

Still cleaner than cats though, FYI. sebum They probably think the same of us too. Well it is not like they go out of their way to shower and shampoo or brush their teeth and use deodorant. Whats the coolest thing a black guy said to you ?  Black lady I work with told me to "keep my pimp hand strong."

That might be the coolest thing anyone has ever said to me. "i won't steal your car." 'Yo you family' One time a black guy called me the n word and I smiled I was told I had a black girl's butt and it was perfect.  This was said to me by a black employee who realized he said it to a Manager. He ran away and hasn't said a full sentence to me since. "Gimme yo fuckin wallet dawg" 'What are you doing?' "How much?" I run a small business and go to the post office a lot. An older African american woman who works there invited me to a BBQ at her house. I couldn't make it, but I really wish I could have. Ooooh. 


After the first semester of college passes and all the failures get kicked out and sent home, you get to meet their replacements. Sweet, new roommates! I got back to my dorm from the airport super late, after midnight, and sat around with the roommates I already knew. I asked about the new guy, Emmanuel. But before they could answer, I asked if he was more of a Wesley Snipes or Will Smith kind of black. They all did that laugh of "we know it's a racist joke but it's funny and I feel bad for laughing" thing.. Or so I thought. 


Emmanuel had heard the entire conversation. The first thing he said to me the next morning when we met was, "I like to think I'm more a Jamie Foxx black.." Then he laughed and didn't stab me even once! We got along fine. "If you're ever hosting a party of black people, don't let the music stop. Those *expletive* will kill each other." "As-sal?mu ?alaykum my brother" [Serious] What are the down-sides to smoking weed?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* If you do it regularly, then quit suddenly, everyone on the planet starts conspiring to piss you off... or at least it feels that way. It takes up a lot more of your time than you think, you have to source it, then find a decent time slot to smoke it, preferably a few hours, and preferably before you go to sleep, as you're useless and tired afterwards. I found that when I was smoking, it would make me tired the whole next day as well sometimes. I also stopped because doing it wasn't fun any more, I'd just sit in a mates room and listen to music, it was good when we were out and about, or playing games, but just doing nothing got boring. Costs quite a bit of money over time. If I could have back all the money I've spent on weed in the past few years I'd be ecstatic.

^^But.. ^^I'd ^^also ^^probably ^^use ^^it ^^to ^^buy ^^more ^^weed. That awful skunky smell in your house Hungry, happy, sleepy.

Seriously, if you're smoking it in joints you need to worry about cancer. If you're dabbing/vaping/eating then that's not an issue.

There's never been any reliable evidence of long term mental complications but anecdotally I can tell you my short term memory isn't the best, I rarely dream and I can be a lazy bastard. running out Risk of incarceration. Burns my throat and makes me cough a lot. Pretty much random whether I get an enjoyable high or a paranoid high. It becomes a time-wasting habit. Plus, the more you smoke the less it works It'll rob you of your ambition. Lived in a house where a number of my roommates smoke weed daily. Here are some observations.

Loss of motivation. They would come home with homework and responsibilities. After smoking, they would disregard all of these. Often forced to wake up slightly earlier and finish the homework OR not complete the assignment. 

Consume 2000 calories and be sedentary for a few hours. Order something like 2 large pizzas. 

Spending 40-50 dollars per week on this habit. Although, not much money, we were college students and every cent counted.

Effected sleep pattern. Often the roommates would smoke and go take a nap. This led to some odd sleep patterns. To coincide with this fact, when they ran out, they would have a difficult time falling asleep. 

The smell. Some strains have the ability to stink up the entire house and have it permeate to the front porch and onward. It also clings to any fabric. Sweatshirts and coats would smell of marijuana until washed. It will make you lazy . Thus, rip dreams and ambition. Long term smokers have a higher risk of gum disease It can cause latent mental conditions to manifest. You can't reliably operate a vehicle and you shouldn't make any important decisions, so you have to plan a timeslot where you don't have anything to do. Hello gang, what are your paint points in life?  van gogh What on earth is a *paint point?* What quality do you admire most about your SO?  [I find the most erotic part of a woman is the boobies.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMbEmeu85EU) How quiet she is. It's like she doesn't even exist!

Oh... Wait. Her wit. I always feel safe. His rational mind and appreciation for science. I think he has a very balanced view on how humans and the world work through a scientific perspective. Her lack of crazy, her sense of humor, and her love of sci-fi. I love her low coat and golden brown fur, she also has the goofy look when she sees me coming to the house. His steady personality. I'm always moody, but I feel like his calm rationale keeps me grounded a lot of the time. She has a vagina He is the kindest, most patient person I know. I get a lot of mood swings on top of dealing with some pretty bad anxiety and he is just so loving and patient with me and is so willing to just listen to my crazy. There's so much more to him that I could just go on about, but that is genuinely what I admire most. God I love him. She plays with my junk. She is an expert at hide and seek.

I am 20yo and I have been actively searching for her for many years now, and still I have not found her. :) [Serious] Redditors who were sent to a "Teen wilderness camp," what's your story?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* There were a lot of mosquitos, and no AC. I was pretty miserable. i was sent to one when my mom went away for two weeks on vacation. after i was dropped off my friend picked me up and i stayed at his place for two weeks. the camp had no idea i was even supposed to be there. What's your smallest problem?  Struggling to get through the last 5 minutes of work after spending the past 5 hours on reddit and forgetting to up/downvote so i have to visually filter the homepage My penis My SO just got home and bought a quiche, but when she was out I ate beans on toast. What's your best "What goes around, comes around" story?  There once was a young boomerang named bill. One day he was thrown as far as could be, then came back. He went around, and he came around because he was a boomerang.  
~FIN~ My entire generation's student load debt sort of falls into that category of story. So many friends saddled in debt right now with no good prospects on the horizon, not realizing taking out $50k in loans for a Liberal Arts degree might have been a bit shortsighted. A guy i know used to always bully me for my weight and looks when was younger, he used to make my life shit and bricked my self esteem so hard I developed anxiety

I lost the weight, became a few thousand miles better looking than him and he's balding and an ugly degenerate Reddit, whats the most glorified name you could give you job?  **I handle financial transactions for a multi-billion dollar company.**

^I'm ^a ^cashier ^at ^McDonald's. Enforcer of all aquatic regulatory requirements for use and rescuer of any important figures in distress. 

Or in simpler terms a lifeguard. :/ Multiple discipline apprentice.  ^^I'm ^^just ^^a ^^student ^^actually. I work in community development and PR for an upcoming, hipsterish town previously know as the most "ghetto" or "scary" town in the state. 

I call myself a Shenanigans Supervisor. I'm a prostitute for conversation. 

Counselor. Custodial Engineer. Life Bringer. I buy all of the product for my company to sell, without me there is no life in the building. I'm a government artist.

(i draw the dole) Technically, I'm the second in command of a very technical government sponsored development project at the largest research facility of it's kind. Masonry supply manufacturing supervisor. 

I made sure the machines making cinder blocks didn't fuck up. But they were made in 1951, so that fucked up a lot. Concept designer of boat tails I'm the Assistant Cost Accounting Manager at a manufacturing company.
Or I'm just an intern in the accounting department. Telecommunications Retail Specialist.

I work in a call center that sells advertising. Image replication technician.  I ran a photocopy machine. Human tissue analyser Canine Management and Waste Removal Specialist. I work at a dog kennel. Frontline Telecommunications Specialist who develops and maintains brand awareness. 

I work at AT&T I don't have this job anymore but I was a DHMO injury prevention specialist at the world's largest swimming pool.


I was a lifeguard at sunlite pool in Cincinnati. I'm a certified water redirection specialist. 
I install gutters. Plasma gun and energy cell technician. Chief engineer of paint removal technologies.
I'm working alone scraping paint of a building Director of Interior Activities and Guest Relations and a part time Non-Profit Spokesman for Jack Daniels...

I was a drunk steward Chief Financial Officer I used to refer to myself as a Strategic Parcel Packing Technician.


I was a bag boy in a grocery store. **underwater ceramics technician**
I wash dishes. I am a "parts specialist" I just work the counter at O'Reillys Bringer of light and power. 
Electrician "Digital anthropologist". Logistics management, auditor, and merchandiser for a multi million dollar department. 

I work in the stock room of a women's shoe department. Corporate Technology Engineer for a Fortune 500 company, I also am the data fireman, data police, data sheriff, and data game warden, and the surgeon general of backups and backup devices, president of the buildings I keep, and legacy hardware restoration team upon urgent request. Chemical engineer.

It's my actual job title but the work I do is some of the least interesting in the scope of what chemical engineers can do, so it seems pretty glorified to me. The President of the United States Bond. James Bond. Engineer of vacacions What is something your mother told you not to tell your father?  That she let me play on the computer one day when I was home sick from school. Her strategic legal moves during their divorce. Nothing.  I'm not sure if it's because my parents never had secrets from each other or she figured I was a blabbermouth. What we got him for this birthday. Hehe. One day she let me skip school and we went and got burritos and walked the beach That I drunkenly got an ass tattoo while on a bender in Las Vegas when I was 19 years old. what's your favorite knock-knock joke ??  **Knock Knock**

*Who's there?*

*The floor!*

*The floor who?*

*Get on the fucking floor this is a robbery bitch!* [classic](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=0KF2U0aSNxM) Knock Knock

Who's there?

Knock

Knock who?

Knock Knock. 
 



*Gets me every time* "I heard this great knock knock joke today.  Okay you start." yup right What's the stupidest movie that ever made you cry?  50 First Dates

The end when she wakes up on the boat and has a daughter but doesn't even know makes me bawl. Where the wild things are. Idk why, but that shit teared me up every time I saw it. Independence Day. The scene where the First Lady dies and the President tells their daughter that "Mommy's sleeping," gets me every single time. The Call with Halle Berry. The part where the girl was crying leaving a message for her mom. That was sad. What are some moral principles you try to always abide by?  The golden rule Don't spit. 
Take the $10 back that the shopkeeper accidentally gave. 
Find a chair for the last person that's still standing and looking confused. 
Turn the tap that one last bit as you walk past to stop it dripping. 
Give a small wave when the school crossing guards pull the barriers back in and you can drive on. 
If a child under 10 is by themselves and is really crying, ask them nicely if they are ok. 
It's a sick world.  Make sure someone sees you approaching that child. 
Don't hit girls. 
Never laugh when someone tells you their life dream. 
Tell that person off that just kicked their dog. 
Don't swear at your mother.  Go the extra mile and don't  even swear around her. 
Help your dad with something.  Doesn't matter, anything. 
Tell your girlfriend that you really like her. 
Tell your boyfriend you think he's so cool. 
Let someone else go head of you occasionally if the odd opportunity arises.
Give the two dollars to the person in front who just got caught two dollars short. 
Never say Led Zeppelin are crap. You can say you don't  like their music,  but never say they're crap. 
Pick your children up and hung them more  cause you'll never quite know if that one was the last time you'll ever do that. Maintain my integrity. I stand by my word, and if I ever need to back peddle on something, I make damn sure that I apologize and explain why to the people it impacts somehow. Dont hurt innocent people and dont take anyone's stuff. I've never bought into the whole "you have to earn my respect" thing. I think it's better to give everyone a chance. I mean there's a difference between the basic respect as a human being and "respect" as we tend to think of it. I find that people are more trustworthy and honorable when you assume they're good people. Obviously if they act like cunt and do shitty things then I lose my respect for them, but I'd rather see the good in people I've just met rather than assume they're just a piece of shit. Don't be an asshole. Be kind always, no matter. Kindness to absolutely everyone, even if they're a terrible person. Don't be a hypocrite. Also, do as I say not as I do. Do the right thing because it's the right thing to do, not because it will make you look good to others and get you through a mythical sky wizards pearly gates. Apologize to someone if you know that one day you might need their help, even if it's their fault. Your present self will thank your past self for being humble. I try to treat others fairly and with respect, even if they don't do the same. I don't know what they could be dealing with so I try not to react negatively against any rudeness. Redditors who have had "neighbors from heaven", what happened?  I adopted her as my grandmother (never met my real ones), she was  a retired nurse and would babysit me and my siblings when we were younger.

She was a great cook, had a beautiful daughter (that 3 year old me fell in love with).

Living next to that woman for almost 13 years was amazing, she had so many stories to tell and always made you feel good about yourself. She's the coolest old lady. We share a neighbor from the surface levels of hell, she's not that bad, but her x husband was, and when he tried starting some rumors about me, she shut it down! He said I was dumping chemicals behind my garage. It was the bucket I had used to wash the car, left it out and it filled with rain. 

Also, she has insomnia, and would sit on her porch when we had all night parties, she told me she enjoys the music. One of the first years that my roommates and I were living in the house we are in now we had a power outage for like a week. No big deal, we have a generator. Well the generator had a fuse blow and we couldn't figure out why it was broke. 

The neighbor's power didn't actually go out, our power grid is strange. But he ran an extension cord from his house and we used his electricity to keep the essentials running for that whole week. 

Saved us a bunch of money from not wasting groceries and let us sleep with fans on, it was like 100 degrees out the whole week it was out. Very thankful for that guy. In college I rented an apartment by myself. First night I smelled a certain sweet aroma and knocked on my neighbors door on a hunch. Turns out the kid was turning out pretty good bud, and we ended up becoming good friends/neighbors. Weekend BBQs and excellent smoke sessions for a year. We live in a small apartment block. Neighbour was listening to their TV really loudly at 6am for days on end, which of course fucked with sleep.

I went down and kindly asked him if he could keep it down early in the morning. He actually kept it down and hasn't woken me up since.

At the end of it all, I gave him a bag of delicious oranges to show him that I appreciated it. We still wave to each other sometimes. What do members of your race / ethnicity do that makes all members of your race / ethnicity look bad?  shoot up schools, kill people, be racist/xenophobic, ya get the idea. White supremacy Gang banging, sagging, being loud in public, blasting music, ignorant and meaningless trap/turnup music or pretty much all the stereotypes that make whites, asians, and just society look down on black people. Like the leprechaun video isn't doing us any favors either. White people where I live are often entitled and complain about everything and everyone and some are quite racist. I hate it. The Troubles in Ireland. Fucking act like they are street thugs, with their damn champion sweaters, caps and long hair. They think cutting school is cool to go drink behind gas stations and they legit throw up gang signs as if they were in East LA. Writing things like FrEe MyY HoMIeez eZe SpiKy...FuCk dA PoLicE and "pressing" other hispanics to see what hood they from.

You know where they are all at now?...in jail, dead, or working a miserable job adding to the stereotype that hispanic men are only good to work hard and cheap labor because they are too stupid to do anything else. 

Sorry...had to get that out my system. White guilt Kkk Everyone here is white. Two words: Pinoy Pride Thinking that they know what's best for every other race while moving away from them. [Victim culture.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmDBPUPgCDI) White supremacy, racism, mass shootings, TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMICS there's a notion that we're unhygenic. you can say that idiosyncrasy has been designated to us. [Everyone now thinks all of us are like this guy](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wr0IVfCVLVE) Like to see lions and giraffes autopsied.

Muahahahahaha Eating dogs is pretty bad Stereotype Be rednecks. They are creepy af, weirdly horny, creepy, creepy and cringeworthy.  Not all but most. Am Indian btw (South African Indian) Vote for Donald Trump. They're lazy, bureaucratic, ignorant and blame other races for their own plights. Sometimes I wish I could give up my roots, but oh well. My white side,  what  don't they do that make us look bad as a whole these days? And as for my Honduran /El Salvadoran side, I think they have a reputation of  gangs and shit and put the rest of the immigrants  from those countries in a bad light if they come over to America. Same goes for Mexico's reputation. Karaoke DJs/attendees, what's the most memorable thing you've seen at a karaoke event?  What are children's books that actually have a deeper meaning?  The giving tree. Idk what it is but I think it's there Dr Seuss - oh the places you'll go. Green eggs and ham is about trying new things.. [The Very Hungry Caterpillar](https://anglophonism.wordpress.com/2012/08/07/seven-critical-readings-of-the-very-hungry-caterpillar/) *The Lorax* http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/weird-news/do-you-want-play-balls-5636233 Technically, *Huckleberry Finn* is a children's book.  Same with *The Lord of the Rings*. Grampa in my pocket Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens Yertle the Turtle Jon Klassen's _This is Not My Hat_ is *deep*. It's about theft, delight in deceiving others, snitching, the criminal mindset, etc. 
http://www.candlewick.com/cat.asp?browse=title&mode=book&isbn=0763655996&pix=n They are books ostensibly for children that convey a deeper message What never goes to plan for you?  Making plans for the weekend Anything. Which is why I have given up plan ing anything. Even when I try to plan out a single day that shit goes haywire, so now I just keep in mind what needs to be done and do it as the chance is presented. My plan to get buff. I honestly have no idea where to start, and if I go jogging a couple of times in a week, I instantly give up in the next and never do it again until half a year, and the cycle continues. I'll never get the muscle at this rate. dating.  every time I ask a woman out she's busy.  what a coincidence, right? Winning the lotto Life Number twos.  Perfect execution has happened for ages. People of Reddit that lived alone for way too long, do U still enjoy cooking for yourself or is it just a necessary evil at this point?  I happen to love cooking. I still cook for myself and my SO because, while she's brilliant at many things, she's an awful cook. I like it...  But I almost never cook really large elaborate meals for just me.  Still cook most my meals though.  Crock pot is awesome :) It's the necessary evil I enjoy, I guess. I never really enjoyed cooking for myself, but I absolutely love going out for dinner with friends and having interesting discussions over delicious food. People who have been on Kitchen Nightmares USA / Hell's Kitchen, what was it like?  That's a pretty small demographic Is it on spike tv? Cuz then you know it's good As a restaurant professional. I can tell you with confidence most of it is bullshit How do you feel/what's your reaction when you find out someone you know doesn't like you?  As a people pleaser, this sucks. I make a conscious effort to be liked by everyone I know and when I find out that someone actually does not like me, I over analyze and try to pinpoint the exact moment when that person could have started to dislike me. For me, there has to be a concrete reason. It is hard for me to understand that sometimes personalities do not align well. Depends on who it is, but for the most part I get it. I mean, there's definitely people I don't like, and I try my best to treat them like anybody else. I'm not bothered because I know it's their problem and not mine. I don't give people a reason to hate me. Sucks for them. Im usually not bothered sometimes I just think about how nice and how they seemed to actually like me I find it odd that human are such good natural actors I agree with them. If I don't like them myself, then good. We can leave eachother be and forget the other exists. 

When it is someone I like or that I thought liked me, I get a little hurt because I don't understand what I did to make them dislike me. That usually happens if I always thought that the person liked me all this while. I usually go "aw man not this one" and move along with my  life. Some people like you, some don't. When I was in my teen years: Why??? I'm the nicest person I know!!!

When I was in my early twenties: What? Did I do something wrong? Was it something I said? Or did? Or did not do? (and 100+ more questions I ask myself)

When I was in my late twenties: Oh well screw you too!!! 

Now I'm in my thirties: Oh hahah... now that's funny. :) i just shrug and not care. then i proceed to destroy them mwhahahaha. But they don't even know me!!!!!

WTF! Lurkers of Reddit, how long have you been lurking?  It's a trap!!!!! Don't respond lurkers For 6 years before I created this account. Only been on Reddit for nearly 100 days now, I lurk so much because I'm scared of the veteran Reddit users who might judge me When a person on the street asks you for money, do you give it to them? Why or why not?  No.  I don't carry cash.  
If I do have cash, I won't remember that I have it. Depends on why they need money. In case if its for food, I'd rather buy them food instead of handing over money. :) Depends on my mood. No I don't alot of time they are the reason they are asking for money that's why if you want to be a humanitarian donate to charityss instead I do when I can, but I rarely have cash or change on me.  

Why do I give them money when I can?  Because they asked. Nope. Where I come from it is not uncommon to be approached by two or three thuggish looking guys each time you go to the city centre, who 'ask' for money in a bully-ish type of way. It's called aggressive begging. I never give them money. I work hard for my money. Too hard to just give it out to people just because they asked for it. And I have two kids to feed and my own problems. Fuck those guys they can either shit or get off the toilet. As in mug me for my money or fuck off and leave me alone. No because I don't know what that money will be used for. Also, I know first hand how much beggars make, and it's more than most working people make. I live on a nice suburban middleclass neighborhood in Mexico city and even do the houses are nice and the people are nice we have a lot of beggars so on  the way to work everyday I at least 4 different people ask me for money or food and half of them are not even 10 years old. Over time I have become immune to it and I just naturally say no or just keep on walking I usually do.
Because i have the money, and they don't. Yes, i know there's a chance that they don't actually need it. Some people choose begging as a profession here, and it's not unlikely to see on the news that the police picked up a beggar, and it turned out he had multiple cars and properties etc. But the money is a small amount that's not gonna effect me to give, and i can't take the risk of keeping it from someone who actually needs it just to avoid the risk of giving it to someone who doesn't.
I don't care about the part about alcohol or drugs. I don't care if they don't buy food with it. If i'm sparing it, i don't get a say on how it's spent. It's not conditional. 

Some instances that i don't give:

If they are children. I never give to children.

If the way they approached me is sketchy, threatening or creepy.

If i've given to them before, and they are asking for more and more. I am not against giving the same person more than once at all, but sometimes when they get something bigger than expected, they assume you're an idiot, and come up with a story about how they need $50 or something. I never give to that person again if they do this. Nope. I'm an overworked underpaid single dad. I haven't a dime to spare.  Happened more often back when I was better off. No, because I'm a terrible person and I don't like to interact with people on the street. No, and honestly, I am tired of stopping at every intersection and seeing someone with a sign trying to make me feel guilty for working 60+ hours a week to support me and my family.

I never used to mind the random panhandler, but now in Phoenix there are 2-4 at every major intersection, and I am pretty fucking sick of it.

I see thousands of jobs here requiring no real skills for Customer Service, construction, convenience stores, even dog walking.

There are tons of jobs, but I am supposed to believe that hundreds of people have no choice but to rotate standing at intersections with signs. I just say, "No thank you." I will buy them food or coffee.  
I will walk to the bus/train with them and pay the fare. 

I have lived and worked around far too many folks that are scamming for cash all the time.   I have a heart, but I'm not giving cash to supplement income or buy drugs/alcohol. If they're entertaining, absolutely. Funny signs, busking, etc... Feels like they're earning money that way. If they're just asking for money, nope. I'll buy them food, but not just money. No because I never have cash on me. I would in many cases but I just never physically have any to give them. If I feel in my heart I do yes,  if I have. Otherwise no,  majority are addicts of sorts. 

Edit.  I was in the queue a few weeks back and a homeless looking guy asked me to please give him R9 (like less than a USD) for his food but I was paying card so I put it in my trolley and told him to get himself cold drink and I paid,  was gonna give him cash as well but I could smell alcohol. I always mean to say no, but I always forget to :\. No. There are plenty of food programs for homeless where I live, so while my dollar wouldn't necessarily be used for booze/drugs it definitely wouldn't keep them from starving. I give generously to charities with good ratings that work on issues I care about instead. I normally say no if it's just a random panhandler-- I like to think that giving money directly to a homeless shelter or support program is doing a lot more good that giving people spare change.

 
In Denver (not sure about other places) there's a really big problem with people posing as homeless people. They make a pretty decent living this way. I've literally seen this one guy that has a corner by my sisters house in a different, brand new sports jersey every time I pass him. They're easily $200 each. Seeing something like that happen makes me more suspicious of everyone that asks, which certainly isn't fair to those actually in need... but I can't really help it. I will never give money ever again. If I have extra/leftover food, I will always give that. 

Last time I someone came up to my car asking for money, I said sure let me see what I've got. Grabbed all the change I had in the car and handed it to the guy. He looked at it and said what the hell am I supposed to do with this shit and threw it at me. NEVER AGAIN! It is rare, but yeah I do (did) because i am (was) a wuss. 

I've only EVER given out $5, $1, and a one pound coin (when I was in england).

The last time I was asked I said I didnt carry cash (lied).  I've gotten better about not being as much of a wuss. No.  It's 100% for drugs. If I had a dollar in my pocket per se, then maybe. I wouldn't want to open up my full wallet in front of someone. Not that there's cash in there, but I'd be afraid of them pulling a fast one and grabbing it. I don't, because I believe that the state should provide social services, not charity. I usually carry small change and will give it out sometimes. I live in NYC. It is not uncommon to be approached by panhandlers multiple times a day, mostly in the subways. Unfortunately, it's very hard to differentiate who is panhandling out of real need and who is doing it for substance abuse issues or even as a scheme of getting "free" money. So no, I normally don't give out to panhandlers but I do donate on occasion to actual charities that help out homeless and needy people. Yes.  Because of my beliefs. No, like cmon you expect me to give you money when you approach me and interrupt whatever I'm doing and make me uncomfortable? There's places you can fuckin go where I live instead of being a drain/nuisance to literally everybody else. I handed a homeless man a bottle of gin I bought, does that count? I remember coming out of the theater after seeing the original Fast and the Furious.  This guy in his late 40s was asking for change to those that came out from the building.  He was very worn down.  I and a few other people gave him some change.  My friend and I walked towards our car and stayed by our car for a bit to talk.  About 5 minutes later this guy walked past us towards the end of the parking lot.  Moments later the guy drove past us in a newish Cadillac.  The was the moment I stopped giving out money to people who asked. When I have cash on me, I do. What they do with the money is none of my business. If they went and bought alcohol instead of food or gas like they said, none of my business or responsibility. I'm not responsible for "financing someone's addiction". For all I know, they probably just went to buy food or gas like they said. Very rarely do I give panhandlers money, but I support buskers. At least they are making an attempt. Depends on the context and my mood.

If I'm walking and I see someone panhandling ahead of me I'm more inclined to give them something as I go by.

If I'm accosted I always say "I don't have any cash." Even if they're sincere, that's any easy way to get robbed. No. I have social anxiety. Nope. I just assume they're all scammers. Yes. Almost always. 

The universe has worked out in my favor so many times, that I feel the need to pay it forward. What if that person doesn't actually need the money and is just gaming people? Fine. I'd rather be thought a fool than to not help out someone who really is at their rock bottom, darkest spot in life. 

I like to believe in the goodness of people. I want to be a small glimmer of hope and a momentary change of pace for someone. If a dollar and a smile will make their day better/easier/happier, then I'm gonna do it. I don't give someone cash. But if I pull up next to someone begging at a red light, I try to keep some Subway's gift cards in my car to give to them. Depends.  Typically I don't, but if you catch me in the right mood, I may.  Also, it depends on how the person comes across.  There is a dude I used to always say that was very polite and had a sign saying he was a homeless vet.  I'd always give him money if I had it.  If you seem mentally ill or drunk/on drugs, I won't. For some reason we seem to be at a hippie crossroads around here.  We get all these dirty teenagers and early 20's kids around here begging for money to continue their travels.  Fuck off kid and go get a job and a shower. [Serious] For those that lived in college co-ed residences, what was your experience like? Would you do it again?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Yeah, absolutely. I don't really know why people would want to be separated like that. I'd really have no reason to prefer being in an all womens dorm. It made things more fun and interesting to have a well rounded experience. It is the complete college experience. What other place are going to find where both men and women HAVE to live together for an extended period.

I was an RA in college because i loved my experience in dorms. The comroderie that goes along with drinking and dodging cops and trading stories the next morning is what its all about....plus boobs. I would totally do it again. I made some of my best guy friends in my dorm freshman and we're still close seven years later. Parties were more fun, there was less drama. 

Also, this one time, this stoner kid names Hank tried and very nearly succeeded in catching a raccoon to make his pet/dorm mascot. Sure it only proved my long held suspicion that he was dumber than dirt, but I don't think anything that entertaining would have happened in an all girls dorm.

Plus, it's the reason I got really good at Halo. I can't imagine living in the dorms with only dudes. It was great.  It's where I met some of my best friends. Amazing! Absolutely. It was the barracks, but same thing at that age. I can't imagine why anyone would want to live in a gender-divided residence.

There were some floors on our campus that were single-gender, and they were always the source of some bad thing happening. There  was an all-male floor that would have taken a few minutes off of my walk, but I preferred to walk outside, through the snow, rather than deal with the smell. The all-female floors were often host to physical fights between the girls.

There was never an issue on the mixed floors I lived on. What's your most depressing comic book moment?  When Wolverine has to kill a mutant shortly after he completes puberty because his mutation is the unconscious release of radioactivity. The kid accidentally killed an entire town's worth of people just by waking up. Pretty much everything about WE3 despite how amazing it is. Psylocke and Thunderbird? Seriously? When I finish an issue and have to wait a few weeks before the next issue is released. What is your favorite secret hidden gem vacation destination spot you feel comfortable sharing with the rest of us?  Cala Galdana, Menorca. It's a lovely little secluded horseshoe bay, Meli? Gavilanes is the best hotel to stay in (though it is quite expensive) it's right on the seafront, built into the cliffs, lovely views of the clear blue bay. You can rent a boat for a small hourly fee and a ?50 deposit. Last I was there there was a little dive shop that did daily dives out in the bay too, beautiful place to go for a beach chill out holiday. A lot of people know about the northern Italian lake country, and rightly so. It's flat-out gorgeous. But not that many Americanos know about Lake Orta and the town of Orta San Giulio. Smaller scale, and easier pace...but just as lovely. Bonus: it's a really quick and easy drive from Milan's airport. Pleasant Lake, Wisconsin. 

Nice and quiet. A not-too-deep lake that was crystal clear last time I was there. Good fishing. Boats allowed to create wake during certain times. A short drive to the Dells. Rent a cabin, take a step back from technology and have a nice relaxed time. If you could take a book off your required reading in highschool, what would it be?  HS English teacher bookmarking this one. Ethan Frome. I'm 32 and this is still the only book I was unable to finish. Macbeth THE SCARLET LETTER. oh god i remember reading that book like it was yesteday. what a fucking wretched read. Honestly, I liked some more than others, but I didn't think any of them were dreadful.

If plays count, Romeo & Juliet. Not one of Shakespeare's worst, but not one of his strongest either, in my opinion. As a woman, I feel like I might be jumped in the parking lot after saying this, but I REALLY could've done without Jane Eyre in high school. Voyage if the Frog. It was so fucking stupid. Poorly written, terrible rising action, and just all around boring. It wasn't high school, it was in 6th grade, but my vote would have to be The Hobbit. The chapter summaries we had to do were agonizing. "They walked....and they sang a song." Just asked husband wasn't prepared for a ten minute rant on Kingsolver's Poisonwood Bible As an avid reader as a kid I remember being disappointed with David Baldacci's Wish You Well, it felt like pure fluff to the ninth grader me. Anything by Shakespeare. If my parents didn't bring me to see multiple Shakespeare theater performances I would have developed an irrational hatred for his works. Reading/analyzing it in class just ruins the joy.

Also Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea. Who thought it was a good idea to assign that to 12 year olds? Shit was difficult to process even as a college educated adult. What nation has the worst sounding national anthem?  Australia. Nothing terrible, but pretty unmemorable. Kazakhstan.  I saw a documentary on a guy from there, and he sung it in front of a bunch of texans saying how much  better his country is.  Not cool. Mongolia. probably france. When someone uses it, what word or short phrase instantly tells you that you're not interested in anything else that person has to say?  "I don't like other women."

Listen bitch, if you can't get along with an entire half of the human population despite said population having a hugely diverse set of personalities within it, you are the problem. 1. Libary
2. Supposubly
3. Anyways.....

Just 3 on the list. It's English. If you're going to speak it speak it properly, please. Actually saying "lol". If someone calls their pet a fur baby I will never respect what they have to say ever again. 'Yeah, I'm a meninist.' When someone expresses an opinion and follows it with "it's just common sense," or "it's as simple as that." ''As a mother...'' Not for nothing... "Most of my friends are guys. Girls are just way too dramatic."

No... you mean that *you're* way too dramatic. Goodbye. " want to know a cool life hack?" Ayyy lmao Bae yolo and swag I'm Christian "Just asking questions". I think we're done here. "I'm not a (racist/sexist/man/woman/expert/etc) BUT..."

Nothing good ever comes after the but. My latest is "cuck." When I see someone use "cuck" unironically, I immediately tune them out, because there is a 93.7% chance that that person has nothing of value to add to a conversation. I'm a vegan. 'No, WithBrokenGlass. This has nothing to do with robots OR dinosaurs' "Everything happens for a reason."

or, whenever something bad happens, "Bad things come in threes!" It is what it is... Thank you captain obvious, do you actually have a point? "i have a question." yeah? well fuck you. ask it like a normal human being next time. Casual racism. What is the coolest country you have ever explored on your journey? and what's so special about it?  Guys of reddit, what is the best thing your significant other did for you (activity or otherwise) on your birthday?  Well it's got to be Birthday Sex. I was bought the same gift twice, in two different years. Lost both of them too haha. It was a nice swiss army knife that I would use to make a "carb" in my beer cans so I could have more air flow in my beer. Im not sure why I lost both of them hahaha. I miss college well besides the watch she got me, she let me be a lazy fuck which was nice bought us both tickets to chicago open air as an early birthday present. I turned 30 and 100 people showed up for a Saturday night party. She got me a personal day on Monday, and she spent 48 hours naked after the party.

I was chafed for a week. I know that you want to do something for your bf but have no idea what to do, right?
Birthday sex is always the answer you need.
Have a good one Enough steam gift cards to buy Total War: Warhammer. What's the best way to call out sick?  "I'm taking a sick day." 'Im sick'

What wrong?

'None of your bussiness. See you tomorrow' Playing Skyrim Diarrhoea and/or Vomiting, no-one wants you to spread that around. From the bosses bed next to his wife. Keep it as vague as possible. "I got the blues today." "I need to take a sick day "

It's technically a HIPPA violation for them to require a specific reason "I won't be in today" Any follow up questions should be replied with "I'd prefer not to discuss it" The best excuses are the ones that are *just* outlandish enough to be *maybe* believable. A recent favorite of mine: a friend left work early after telling his boss that his little sister had gotten high for the first time between classes and needed to be picked up from school. Plan it in advance. I mentioned at work one day that I didn't feel great, about two hours before I finished my shift. The next morning I called in sick and people believed me because they knew I wasn't feeling good the day before. No-one questions a migraine. People who suffer from them sympathise; people who don't, have heard how bad they can be from the others... lie on your back on a couch/bed and tilt your head backwards off of the bed/couch. When you talk on the phone, it'll change your voice making it sound like you're sick. With April fools day coming up, what is the best April fools prank you have had the pleasure to witness?  It is technically "coming up" in 10 months - OP isn't totally wrong. You're late. It's June..... OP; what year do you think it is? I'm thinking time traveler...  From the future... 

If you have the ability to time travel,  I think April fools jokes should be very low on the priority list. What would you answer someone who said, "whoever makes America great, destroys America, and whoever destroys America, makes America great?"  Did you have a stroke? ?For I am Saruman the Wise, Saruman Ring-maker, Saruman of Many Colours!'

I looked then and saw that his robes, which had seemed white, were not so, but were woven of all colours, and if he moved they shimmered and changed hue so that the eye was bewildered. 

I liked white better,' I said. 

White!' he sneered. 'It serves as a beginning. White cloth may be dyed. The white page can be overwritten; and the white light can be broken.' 

In which case it is no longer white,' said I. 'And he that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.' Drugs are bad. I'd say "what?" That is paradoxically stupid.  First, if making America great destroyed it, then they didn't actually make America great, because nearly any definition of "great" when referring to a country would require that country to not be destroyed.  

Next, if destroying the country makes it great, how can that be when the definition of it being made great is supposed to result in the destruction, but the destruction has already occurred in this scenario.  

I think this person needs to be asked to more clearly define what they thing "destroyed" and "Making great" actually means, because it seems they either have a mental block that prevents logic or they simply have a misunderstand of the meaning of those words. "So...you are majoring in fine arts?" "Surely there's a middle ground there somewhere..." I would say that if your political philosophy can fit on a bumper sticker, then you haven't given it a lot of thought. This is following a sort of oversimplification and sloganeering akin to the [Rhyme as Reason Effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rhyme-as-reason_effect). I'd tell them that oversimplifications are junk food for the mind and a tell-tale sign of an immature intellect. [Serious] What did you fuck up so bad that it was irreversible?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Vagina. My relationship with one of my exs. Probably for the best. We were no good for eachother. My relationship with my parents Takin 2 Rivotril pills with alcohol I spent many years being bulimic and now I can basically only eat fruit and vegetables without getting sick. Had a major fallout with my  girlfriend's sister who was, at one point, one of my best friends. We were extremely  vicious for no actual  good reason. I called her out for what she was in public and i basically couldn't  take it back. We don't  speak anymore. my career, i switched You're zapped back to the year 1940 with no preparation or warning and bring nothing with you. How do you get rich?  WW2 has just begun, so ..war profiteering. Wait until 1955 and steal Marty McFly's DeLorean and then go back to the future and properly prepare for going going back in time. Invest in every company that's a thing now as soon as it hits the market. Wait till 1973 - take out a loan - bet it all on Secretariat. Get a job in the paper goods factory back home, and invest in arms and vehicle manufacturers  before the war comes around. Start writing hit songs. Could also make a killing if you could get into hollywood with some hit scripts and storyboards for some guaranteed big movies. The world's oldest profession Hitchhike to Island Trees, NY, find the [Levitt family](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Levittown,_New_York) and tell 'em I've got an idea that will change the world but piss off prog rock bands in forty years. I'd go find Einstein - I think he was a professor and approachable by regular people, but he had government connections and of course was pretty damn brilliant. 

Talking with him, and proposing the thought experiment of "how could a traveler from the semi distant future who's not memorized local facts or history and is unprepared - convince you he's time traveled?" could be fun to talk out. Might spark off some good thoughts. 

&nbsp;

Eventually, even my grade school level knowledge of things like pearl harbor and such would probably convince *him*  that I'm not a total lunatic - then it's a matter of offering everything I can drench up from my education and understanding of modern science and thinking that can possibly help. 

&nbsp;

Assuming I can get paid for this at all... then investing is still worth a shot, though I'd put a lot more into trying to start some new businesses based around future items and just knowing what's worked well in the past.  
The AK-47 and it's general principles and such could be good to do american style, with the war coming, etc. 

All in all though, I'd be more interested in trying to help out than getting super rich... I mean I guess I'd want to make money, but walking the scientist at los alamos through what radiation does to the body (so that one guy doesn't pick up enriched uranium with his hand or they all use better shielding) and the basic design of the atom bomb - and what they should expect from it - could save a lot of time and pain. 

&nbsp;

Putting some money into that Kentucky Fried Railroad (I forget what the stock is - but it's gone up like 30,000% in the last 20 years), IBM from the start, telestat (or whatever AT&T was back in the day), Microsoft, etc would be a good idea. Hmm 1940? Buy stock in Ford and GE for the post war boom. Buy Intel when it comes public which I think is the 1960s.

Buy property in underdeveloped areas of Manhattan.

Bet against the Red Sox winning every year at the start of the baseball season. I don't, because anything I do would alter time lines and I'd never be born.  
Or, sell my historical knowledge (their future) to the US Government. make money by being a "psychic " for the government predicting future events that I already know are gonna take place. 

Then invent Google when I retire Find Frank Sinatra and become his manager I'm in Galveston, TX, USA so I would try and get a job at the Galvez or Balinese Room.  I'm 49 so I wouldn't have to worry about the draft.  If I work in either one of those places I would suck up to the people that I know are going to be rich and famous.  Try to save money and invest in things like Boeing.  I'd also try and save to buy some land. I'd get a job at a war-time factory, save up and go into real estate. Use these proceeds to invest left and right. That was the absolute bottom of the Depression, any thing you bought then was bound to go up. 

Also, I'd write A LOT of science fiction stories. Make friends with Hitler then kill him and take his place. go in real estate Start small by working in one of those factories, invest every penny in infrastructure companies and aerospace based in the US, but fuck tons of bonds and continue investing.

Post war boom will mean my yields massively increase due to not being in competition with the rest of the world

After the war, I invest in new production techniques and machinery to boost efficiency, following the war, the US did not invest and grew inefficient as a result of the world advancing beyond it I would just get a job and buy a house early so I could retire with a pension. I'd do like my grandpa says and "Just walk in, find the boss, and tell him you want a job!" It's crazy enough to work. I don't believe the war on drugs started yet (looking it up would ruin the fun) so I would become a drug dealer... a legit drug dealer. Sorry to be the killjoy here but I can't seem to figure out how any situation would give us an advantage where we would be successful. 

Remember we are being thrown back in time without anything meaning no parents,no jobs,no certificates or basically any means to prove our worth in a 1940 era society. 
Secondly assuming we do not need these we have to remember we live in a very turbulent time. Mankind has been experiencing its greatest times of peace only from the past few decades, so even if we identified said companies in their early stages we might not be rich soon enough to enjoy the fruits of this endeavour as we have to remember that Science & technology and Medicine would not have advanced to the stage it is today. Basically, there is a higher chance of us passing away too early 

Although on the bright side,there seems to be a chance that we might be well known or insanely rich posthumously thus leaving a legacy for our grandchildren (Tons of money) and bet on the fact that one of our great grandchildren manage to revive our embalmed body. 

So I guess I will make these predictions/investments, have a bunch of kids(preferably with a European (maybe Swiss)/American woman)  to ensure my genes continue and find an excellent embalmer to preserve my body or brain also write a will stating my wish to be revived.

Future here I come. Invent the AK-47. Preempt the invention and application of the switching transistor by 7ish years and reproduce a tube based computer of the day in a fraction of the space and power using said transistors. 

Normally when these questions come up the year is closer to 1900, so I wouldn't get quite as rich. Or not have much time to do so. 

Also invest in IBM. Maybe I could sell the technology to IBM for a good chunk of their stock. They could do a lot more with it than I could. Depends on spawn location. If current location, then I just got ran over. Thanks asshole. If random, I have a 75% chance of spawning where I can't swim. Gg erf. If I end up spawning in either theatre of war at the time, rip me. If I chose where, obviously the best course of option is an America, where I bet thousands of dollars I don't have on Pearl Harbor being bombed, D-Day, and, of course, the results of the war. With my newfound wealth, I invest stock in then-up-and-coming businesses before they really take off. I sell my stocks before every dip and reinvest during said dip. Bonus: I am only 15 now, so I could hypothetically live until now and post my results on Reddit. Sad bonus: I would likely be drafted upon entry. Counterargument to sad bonus: I wouldn't be registered, so they couldn't draft me. Invest in Ford What is the best direct-to-dvd movie of all time?  Batman: Under the Red Hood. Halo: Forward Unto Dawn How do you want to die?  Like my uncle, in my sleep...not screaming in terror like the passengers in the bus he was driving...Thank you, I'll be here all week.  Be sure to tip your waitress... I want to live until the big crunch, and die then. I don't! Before I am too feeble to enjoy hiking in the woods. Crushed to death by a semi driven by the Incredible Hulk Jumping out of a landscape Old and asleep. just before qualifying for something major, say wedding or corporate position tossing my own salad whilst being cryogenically preserved. Comfortably put down at a place like Dignitas. "In my own bed, with a belly full of wine and a maiden's mouth around my cock, at the age of eighty," What's something about this year's Steam Summer Sale that definitely needs attention?  If you hate yourself the way only a Dark Souls fan can, you owe it to yourself to play Salt and Sanctuary.  It's like a 2D platformer mashed up with Dark Souls style combat.  Tons of variety in weapons, merciless traps and enemies, and a spooky as fuck setting top it all off.  The best game of the sale for me so far.  Ten hours in and I've only beaten two bosses.  Absolutely worth sixteen bucks. What products or brands do you avoid due to the deplorable ethics that are behind it?  Nestle. They're run by monsters. Johnson&Johnson. Just for their history of  unethical  practices. Chick Fillet Palm oil Ubisoft All of them.  This capitalistic world is just all for profit and very few companies give a shit about health or the environment. Everything, because everything is bait and switch of a different dilution, all my life I have tried to create a system that does not allow bait and switch. report card: i am flat broke Activision for the fact that they are one of the many publishers in the video game industry that are only driven on turning a huge profit. Milking their franchises into the ground, micro transactions galore, same old formula for their games, and over working their developers. Maybe the most damning fact is that they know their actions but yet they don't care for changing their actions and are solely in it for the money. Apple. They have overcharged their customers for so long, and their phones nowadays are arguably worse than Android in terms of functionality. They purposely dumb-down their phones, then 6 months later they put like 2 more features on it and release it again as the "S" model, just so they can squeeze twice as much money out of their customers. If you're fully capable of making the best phone out there, give me all of the features in one phone, once a year; not half the features now and the other half 6 months later on another "new" phone. What's the most fun you're ever had playing a videogame online?  [Serious]To those of you who were bullied in school; now that you are grown up, what do you wish you could say to your bully today?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* "Now look who's the fatass, Patrick. Not so fucking funny now is it?" Nothing.

Got bullied bad in school by one guy. Beaten, shoved into lockers, head in toilet, so much fun.
Left for the army, did my time there, became semi bad ass and moved back home for a bit to figure out my next move. Early one morning get up early to go trout fishing, stop at the gas station filling up with gas. Look at the guy at the pump across from me and its douche that tortured me.

I now outweigh the guy by 40 lbs and am 5 inches taller.  Body starts shaking, start going full adrenaline rage mode. Walk right up behind him, so close he must have been able to feel my breath on his neck. Drew back to punch him in the back of the head and then just stopped. Stared at the back of his head for a second and walked away.

I didn't need the revenge anymore. I was happy enough with who I had become that I just didn't need to do it. I had closure by growing past and moving on from all of the shit he had done.

Every once in awhile I think back to it and wish I would have done it, but I know I did the right thing. It doesn't stop me from prank calling his business every now and then though. Nothing, what waste my time. I have better things to do. I really wish you could have lived a better life. Wouldn't say a thing, they aren't worth the effort. "Thanks for bullying me all through middle and high school.  Because of that, I have come to not trust certain people, especially women.  I have no interest in having a relationship with anyone, find it very difficult to make and keep friends, and often feel unloved and neglected by everyone.  So once again, thanks." Hey, do you will think my boobs are fake?
I had big boobs in middle school and I had the nickname bra strap and everyone said I stuffed my bra. Nothing. I am happy with where my life ended up and don't really feel the need to gloat to those who bullied me. I actually had an opportunity to do this, I ended up working with a guy who was a member of the group who was harsh towards me and my friends in high school. We got along fine and even talked about high school. We both agreed that we were dumb ass kids and just moved on. The way I figure it, there are much more important things to worry about that how someone made me unhappy a couple decades ago. I wouldn't want to see them, let alone talk to them. i actually did see a kid that bullied me in grade school when i returned to my home town with my wife and kids. i went to saveonfoods and i saw him stocking one of the shelves and i just started laughing at him and said "i guess the dumb jock wasn't even smart enough for the NHL." he just glared at me and kept working. i left and felt a sense of closure. I'm better looking, smarter and overall a better person than you.

I say this as someone who lost weight and developed anxiety as a result of this pube haired, worthless sack of shit Thank you for bullying me while I was fat. You gave me enough motivation to change my life for the better. Thanks to you I dropped from 120kg to 80kg and now with some muscle mass to ~85kg. What role does the Internet play in your life?  Too many. The thing for Reddit, research papers, and Netflix. It plays an irresponsible uncle. What role does it not play in my life is the better question It helps me keep my sanity and insanity in check. It's my heroin It shows me how the elite are trying to manage the rest of us It is the only source of income, and entertainment for me at the moment.  Without it I wouldn't last long.

I'm just glad I have a [good connection](http://www.speedtest.net/my-result/5435324139) that never goes down, and is 100mbps down, 60mbps up, with low ping. I am a web developer, so a pretty big one. Redditors who WERE "neighbors from hell", what happened?  I'm a musician and we had thin walls.  Enough said. I don't feel like anything I did was that terrible,  but I feel like my neighbor thought of me as a neighbor from hell. Firstly, there was a personality conflict:  she was a 60 something black lady who had bought the house a few years before me, her first time ever owning a home after working her whole life. I was a 20 year old college student using an inheritance to purchase a home (it seemed like a good investment, and it wasn't a huge inheritance or anything. I bought the house on foreclosure for 28k). She took impeccable care of her lawn and regularly won "lawn of the month" from the neighborhood association. I couldn't give a shit less about my lawn. 

these were both townhouses, and they shared a common driveway behind all the houses. unfortunately,  it was so damaged and potholed that most cars could not use it. as a result nearly everybody parked in front. I was living with my girlfriend at that point, and out of the blue one day she attacked us for "taking up too many parking spaces and not letting her park in front of her own home. she insisted on parking right in front of the walkway, which we shared, and was angry because my girlfriend had parked such that she had to park a few feet away. it's worth noting that there is no assigned parking, and that for quite a long time, her son stayed with her and parked in front of my house. when I would come home at midnight,  having worked literally all day and night as a chef, I didn't say anything.


so yeah. now that I've put it all out there I'm actually not sure who the neighbor from hell is, me or her. Why do girls give out their numbers(real) if they have a bf ?  Because *sluts* Married girl here that gives her number out.

I like people and having friends. If I think you're interesting enough to give my number to you, that doesnt mean I'm interested in you romanticly or sexually.

It means I like people and I think you're cool.

I also have no obligation to tell you I'm in a relationship anyway. After a certain age, it's pretty much expected. Me as a 20 year old? Who the hell starts a conversation like "hi, I'm Mucheng and I'm married" They a 'ho. They could be honestly looking for new friends. They could be naive to the advances of people. It strokes their ego that you're interested. To get rid of you.  You didn't think that was really her number did you? Alternately, she was lying about the bf to get rid of you, but suave devil that you are, she changed her mind! I gave that pitch vibrato. Pitches love vibrato. As a girl, I'm not hitting on a guy every time I give someone my number. You really haven't been specific about the setting in which she's sharing her phone number... In a bar upon first meeting? To her colleagues? At a club? At a day-time event? Women aren't loyal and if they have an interest in you then it's go time. I try not to and will do everything to avoid doing so but some guys are very persistent even if you tell them you have a boyfriend and are not interested, they will not leave you alone with out getting a number. They will call right then and there to make sure its your phone and it's embarrassing if they call and your phone doesn't ring. This is happened to me more than once and it's the main reason I don't go out anymore, I can't just enjoy myself. Possibly because we're allowed to be friends with people regardless of their sex. And because I don't need my SO's permission to have friends, give out my number or do what I want. It's a phone number, not a blow job. I don't understand how this correlates with having a boyfriend. Who gives out numbers anymore? What is this? 2005? Just follow each other on Social Media, then no questions will be asked. I see so much misogyny here. Yikes. Classic Reddit. 

It's perceived as bitchy and presumptuous when a woman immediately says she has a boyfriend, or if she decides to be friendly and assume that not every man is trying to sleep with her, she's perceived to be leading him on. 

OP, in the context you've given (a new coworker, didn't sound like you made it clear you were interested in more than friendship), it doesn't seem like she's leading you on or being "slutty". Should she have said "Of course, but I'm only interested in being friends as I'm in a relationship"? Yeah probably, but even though I'm close to 30, it's still ingrained that I have to be cautious about how I speak to men. i don't give my number out to anyone myself other than coworkers and stuff because i'd rather not be harassed to go hang out with someone i just met. i'm married so maybe it's different and i have enough friends already. They're sl00ts. Because people can be friends with others of the opposite gender. I don't mean girls looking to cheat.  So far the ones I've encountered this with,  as soon as I asked they were very upfront about having bf. That's why I'm trying to figure out the logic Well maybe because they want to be your friend? Whats the worst creepypasta youve ever read?  You're a Somali pirate trying to rob a large ship, but you only have a loudspeaker and a voice changer. Whose voice do you choose, and what do you say to make the vessel surrender?  James Earl Jones. Just tell them to give you their shit. "Hi. This is Hillary Clinton with a brief message..." In Christopher Walken's voice: "Stop!  I ...am a pirate!  Arr!  I'm taking...over...your ship! I would say '**I will play The Mask 2: Extended Version if you don't surrender**' in Morgan Freeman's voice.

That should do it. Please help!  My ship was overtaken by Somali pirates and all they left me with was this little lifeboat and a megaphone to call for help!

And use a Jamaican voice.   Being a Somali pirate, I would probably be black which would raise suspicion of me just being a Somali pirate, but who can resist a friendly Jamaican?  And that gives a reasonable alibi for my skin color. "Longlyweds" of Reddit, how do you keep your marriage interesting and prevent stagnation and boredom?  Hire someone to kidnap your spouse. Add some excitement to their life. ? First and fifth weekend of the month is for just the three of us; married ten years with a three year old son.

? Second weekend of the month is something fun, concert, six flags, zoo, baseball game, etc.

? Third weekend is for family. Grandparents hosting or visiting.

? Fourth weekend is for friends. Cookout, Super Bowl party, Easter egg hunt, etc.

We're flexible based on holidays, hotel deals, concert schedules, etc.

Every three months we have a room service weekend without the little man. Currently married 16 years. Try and keep things fresh and exciting. I still flirt with my wife, take her out places, rub he back. I let her know that after all this time, she still comes first. Almost 9 years together,  living together since the start.  We rushed into it at a young age so we have gotten to know each other and share interests and a sense of humour so we actually enjoy each other's company now. 

Edit.  We are in our twenties,  22&25. We have three sons (7, 5&3) and a daughter on the way.  We live with my mom as it works for us all for now. 

I am far in my pregnancy so not very physically fit but we usually enjoy hiking,  going outdoors,  he has started fishing and I will sit with them and bird watch while they fish. I usually go to bed early but we do both enjoy series and movies. We like to just get out where we can basically. Whether it's driving,  hiking,  the beach,  the park,  fishing,  whatever but we do everything with our kids. Last time we were alone was in December and we went cycling,  was wonderful being alone together. We've been together twenty years, married eighteen. We are best friends (with benefits). We genuinely enjoy each others' company. We have all kinds of things in common, so we never run out of things to talk about. We like to make each other laugh. We go places and do things together, as well as separately - we're not joined at the hip or anything. We treat each other in ways that make us want to stay together. We have an understanding: whatever else happens, you and I are OK. Get kinky with it! Fingerbang each other's ass on the regular.

And make sure you regularly do stuff together with no one else; trips to the store, vacations, whatever. Parenting takes over your life, but you need to remember to be spouses, too. What's a harmless prank to play on a college roomate?  Iocane in their wine Surprise waterboarding Disable the snooze button on their alarm clock. Glitter bomb. Hide their favorite stuffed animal. If they are a male, leave a tampon in their room. Especially if they don't have a girlfriend or girls.over frequently Buy them a keg of non-alcoholic beer for their birthday and tell them its regular beer. Tinfoil everything they own. Bonus point for covering their walls as well. You needs a good window of opportunity to set it up though. Fill their entire car with popcorn. When they're having sex, play news from the Syrian civil war loud enough that they have to listen. Stretch clear packing tape across the bathroom doorway right at face level while they are in there We're out of toilet paper. Use your socks. Double side taping the toilet paper roll so all they can get are tiny pieces. Keep your own personal roll hidden well. I had some great times with my college roommate. We still talk to this day. Put their cutlery in a binbag, fill it with water and freeze it. Beat them into a coma with a baseball bat.  

That's a prank, right?  Seems to be these days. I had a small figurine of a squirrel that I'd leave in random places for my roommate to find. Drove her crazy.

Typing that out it doesn't really sound funny... but it helps to know that she hated squirrels after one got into our dorm room and chased her out into the hall in our first month. If you have access to your roommate's computer, you can change their sound files, such as the Startup sound, to whatever you want. I'm sure you can get creative with that. Saran wrap their toilet seat, Move their objects closer to the edge of whatever they're resting on so that your roommate is more prone to knocking things over. Keep this up for a long time. Kill his parents and feed them to him. Preferably in Chili. When I was in college, a friend of mine rearranged my furniture. I'm severely visually impaired.

I got him back by disassembling his phone and making him go on a cross-campus scavenger hunt to find the parts. We did this to my freshman year roommate. His girlfriend from back home gave him a teddy bear to remind her of him and he slept with it every night. One day we got sick of seeing "Boo" sitting stupidly on his bed. So, my friend from down the hall and I stole the bear and started sending him ransom notes with pictures of the bear tied to chairs blind-folded, tied to the bumper of a car, surrounded by dogs, etc. We did this for about a week. I ended up crashing in my other friends room because my roommate was fucking LIVID. We would get these irate voicemails from him and his girlfriend about wanting "Boo" back and how upset he was that "Boo" was gone. We finally had enough and left the bear at a specified location and time. My roommate didn't speak to me for another week. Buy the creepiest looking doll you can find. Hide it someplace in their room where you know they will find it. Then feign ignorance and repeat. No prank is harmless. One pie to the face and you just set of a school shooting. What characteristics normally attributed to humans, when absent, instantly make someone a whole lot sexier?  Pubic hair. Dingleberries... BO Lack of consideration for others, including people they'll never meet. Morality. Greed. What is the best decision you have made for the worst reasons?  Pizza at 3am because drink. [Serious] Realistically, if an intelligent life form were to land on Earth from outer space, what would the world's course of actions likely be?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Lol, I think someone in here in shadowbanned. Says 3 comments but I only see 2. We are voting for a guy who wants to build a wall to keep the Mexican rapists out.  Britain just voluntarily went into a recession to keep Syrians out.  We are willing to let strangers grope our penises in hopes that it will make airplanes one millionth of a percent safer.  We're pretty big on the whole "giving-into-fear" thing and we're pretty bad at making decisions when we're scared.   Pretty sure that, [Serious], Realistically,  we'd annihilate them.  



Just to be safe.  In an abundance of caution.  Because, hey, you never know.  Can't be too careful.  What about the kids?  You want them to get probed?  You support kid butt probing?  That's how it starts. Kill it, dissect it and tear apart it's ship. Considering that "the world" is not one monolithic entity, I think the reactions would vary widely depending on where one is from and where the life form landed.  Some would try to communicate with it, some would try to co-opt it in furtherance of their own goals, and some would attempt to destroy it or drive it off as a threat. The likelihood that they will pop out of hyperspace into our atmosphere is low, which means we're going to see them coming from pretty far away. And if we can see them, sooner or later we'll be able to communicate with them. So, a lot will depend on what sort of indications they give that they're not hostile. 

If they do seem hostile, no doubt a lot of people will want to just zap them, which might be the smartest move, who knows.

But even if they promise that they come in peace, there's almost no possible way that they will actually be allowed to land their ship on earth. They'll be allowed to send a small delegation via a shuttle, and the ship itself will be forced to move much further away from the planet so they can't zap us if they prove to be liars. Hard to say without more detail, however the UN does have protocols in place to deal with the event of interstellar contact. Most likely the UN would take the lead, and would send their extraterrestrial ambassador - an astrophysicist appointed by the UNOOSE - to make contact with the visitors. Earth can act all high and mighty,  but the fact is that a species that can travel millions (probably billions) of light-years is far more advanced than we, and as such if they have weaponry, it is also far more advanced. We'd be shitting our pants and if smart, we would try to welcome them diplomatically. idk. what is a realistic alien? Reddit, what are you in denial about?  My looks and personality. Various addictions That my parents are getting older That I enjoy being superficial as fuck and working as the "Director of First Impressions" at a law firm and smile and talk sweet to all the clients - when I secretly hate everyone. Everyone.

My mantra is "Great benefits, great hours, great benefits, great hours. I love my job". That Tupac is dead [Serious] Who would you like to see run for president and why?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Our current Secretary of Defense. He has degrees in history and physics. He has proven he can run several kinds of organizations in his lifetime. He can handle a budget. Might be good for the job. Jon Stewart

I never even watched *The Daily Show* but he won me over with his no-holds-barred appearance on [*The Axe Files*](https://youtu.be/Da5VYSPsoE0?t=58m35s). He'd be the leftist answer to Trump and would pull no punches. Kanye West My therapist. So I have an excuse to frame her picture and hang it up around my apartment. Dr Neil deGrasse Tyson.

Although any scientist would probably hate being president at least a little, I would greatly enjoy seeing a shift in this country's focus from military spending and worrying about "Who is gonna hurt us next?" to a focus on education, funding for NASA and other national science projects. 

He's got a friendly persona in everything he appears in that makes you confident that he's intelligent and also very personable and not at all arrogant. His voice is confident and reassuring. 

He has publicly stated repeatedly that people with power and influence who are ignorant of scientific fact are a great potential harm to society. That sort of attitude would make me feel like he'd be less receptive to any baloney pitched to him by either party.

I remember seeing [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbIZU8cQWXc) as well as [the part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFO2usVjfQc) a while back and instantly needing to search for more of this man's stuff. Granted, the music is a bit much, but the message is still pretty powerful. 

I would vote for this man. I would actually wear political stuff to support this man. I would turn off my ad blocker to support this man.

I'm terrified of a dumb America. South Park Creators. Reddit hates him but I would vote for Colin Powell in heartbeat. ELLEN! be kind to everyone! Noam Chomsky bc he just gets it Condoleezza Rice. She's smart, experienced, and capable. Paul Ryan [Serious] If you were to form a religion, what would your commandments be?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* 1. Don't be a dick

2. Don't let your friends be dicks

3. If your friends are being dicks, and you don't tell your friends to stop being dicks, you are a dick unto yourself #1 (and only one): Don't be a dick. Do Not Scam

Do Not Corrupt

Do Not Force Thou shalt not hurt a fellow human being. Unless the aforementioned human has given you permission to do so. Do use force or fraud to take:

Life

Liberty 

Property

[Philosophy of Liberty](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5n3h3_u6yOc) My two commandments:

1. try not to be a cunt

2. Be sober If animals created religions like humans do, which animals would have the craziest ones, and why?  Lemmings. Praising the gods would involve plunging off several cliffs of slowly increasing height. Squirrels,  It would start at normal but they would keep getting distracted and mostly be praising nuts. Cats, I feel they are pretentious enough to believe in Scientology. Praying mantises. They would get into some murderous cult thing. Jellyfish, they would be some weird shit bonobos because of all the sex Things you shouldn't say during an abortion?  "Well i guess this really brings the kid out in you" Can you put that in a doggie bag? "Are you gonna eat that?" Nurse, Pass the coat hanger  

Edit:  Just though of these 2.

Nurse make sure to bottle that,  it makes really good spaghetti sauce  
  
Nurse we have successfully removed her kidney. "This doesn't feel near as good coming out as it did coming in." Make sure you get it all. Is better for right when it's over rather than during, but 

"Ahh, nevermind, I change my mind"

I also say that about 30 seconds in to every haircut. now i finally know what it feels like to kill a baby "That'll make a nice pizza topping" That's a big one! Can you hurry this up? I have shit to do today. What do you mean we ran out of coat hangers?! "It was going to take after you anyway...wanna see?" GOOOOAAAAALLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! This would be much faster if you let me help

*gut punch* One more on my punch card and then I get a free abortion!!! So... should I recycle this? "Looks like you get a 2 for 1 today!" Is there a discount after your 7th one? "Rape victim, eh? Sorry, no can do. That would be ['tampering with evidence'](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4q40e9/french_redditors_whats_your_favorite_films/d4pzaqo)." Don't say anything and turn down your headphones when "another one bites the dust" comes up on your play list. i brought my own coat hanger "I think we should place it on our lawn" "Can I drink the result?" "....... you gonna eat that?" Hey doc can I keep the sex toy after its removed What issues have arisen/still occur today in regards to Gender, given that there are no longer two genders?  Since when are there no longer two? The fuck you talkin about? Having to listen to politicians discuss bathroom signs. So you're not a gender? The issue of people being uncomfortable using the gender-neutral pronoun "they" for an individual who doesn't have a gender because the word "they" implies plural while an individual is singular There are both historical and contemporary societies that recognized the existence of more than two genders. Some have recognized five, like the Buginese. [Serious] From experience, what indication or event would make you call 911 right away, even if the people affected/around you says it's probably fine?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* From experience?

A guy using his lighter to see underneath a car leaking gasoline, then crawling under the car (still with his lighter to see.) to try and fix the leak. A couple of weeks ago an RAF fighter flew over my city (Leeds, UK) and caused a sonic blast. I heard a massive bang and I thought a bomb went off, I really wanted to call 999, but then my family told me it was probably fireworks. It was scary though, thought my city was targeted by ISIS or something A fight.  
That shit escalates much more often than it just stops.  
One dude swings, I'm walking the other way and I'll probably call 911. Called 911 on drunk roomie's boyfriend that broke in the house. If someone with the abilities like Captain America (peak human physical conditions) exist in reality, what will his physique look like?  All i know is his only superpower would be the ability to steal vehicles. Zac Effron Bruce Jenner in the 76 olympics. Jeremy Buendia or Phil Heath. 

Big Ramy if you want peak size A cross between MMA fighters and triathletes.  
Maybe throw in a strong man competition too. They might look something like [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captain_America). Yoel Romero LeBron James Peak physical condition can mean a lot of things.  Endurance vs speed vs strength vs agility all begin to conflict with each other when they start approaching extreme levels.  

For captain America, I would say to look at the physique of Olympic male gymnasts.  Amazing combination of nearly all traits, although I would say long term endurance would be one of the less refined just due to their needs. Dmitry fucking Klokov: 

http://www.onecol.com/XCOL/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/klokov-tests-crossgym-bumber_024.jpg Y'mean body builders? Have you ever had more than one abnormally terrible, but also completely unrelated, events happen in the same day?  My electric once got cut off on the same day I lost the POWERBALL lottery.  Unbelievable! Once got two speeding tickes My AC broke last week, same day a skunk (somehow) sprayed our upstairs bathroom (I think it got in the attic.) 

Knowing I had at least a weekend of cooking in my own juices during the super hot / humid summer was only made more special by having to wall off that bathroom until the smell faded.  Couldn't even circulate the air.

&nbsp;

Alternately, about 3 years backs the government furloughs and some bad contract management by my bosses put me out of a job the same day I received a letter from the landlord informing me she was selling the house and I had 60 days to get out.  I learned all of this, of course, the day after christmas - it was quite the holiday surprise. Went well with having a 2month old new born. 

&nbsp;

My wife wanted to buy a house - we'd been looking for a while - so I had 60 days to find the right house, buy it, while appearing to have a solid income and reliable credit - while I looked for a new job and didn't sleep nights because of the new born... 

&nbsp; 

We pulled it off though, love our current place... you know, other than the lack of AC and skunk room. when youre stuck in a mechanical bed at a nursing home, will you regret the money you spent on your friends or the time you missed with your friends?  I'll probably regret being in a nursing home more than either of those. The money. By a mile. Why does money have to be exclusive of time? My friend needs repairs to his house. I can spend both money and time helping with that. My friend gets a nicer house, we both have time spent together, and afterward, my friend is more likely to invite me over for dinner. Win-win-win. What friends? People will always regret what they didn't do because it is more obvious.  It is easy to say you shouldn't have lived so frugally when you are laying in bed in a nursing home you were able to afford, but it is those who didn't save anything who regret not saving more as they wish they could afford a nursing home and medical care. Having a Karma competition with friends. What "achievements," could we vie for?  1,000 karma a day What's the most stupid argument you've ever been in?  "that Trump is a Racist but hillary Clinton is the champion of righteousness and of women" Why I should be "allowed" to see my kids on fathers day. All of them. What was the last fiction book you read?  10 books from the Robots & Foundation by Isaac Asimov. A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms, by George R.R. Martin Ready Player One. I absolutely recommend this to anyone who enjoys a classic underdog story. If you're into video games, this is for you. I *will* read it again. The Fountainhead by Ayn Rand House of Leaves. I haven't slept since. *Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal* by Christopher Moore Last one I read fully was Red Mars. Currently reading Green Mars and the 100-year-old man who climbed out the window and disappeared. Finished the Red Rising trilogy by Pierce Brown. Some of the best science fiction books I've read in a while. Centaur Aisle Dr. Sleep by Stephen King Forgive me, Leonard Peacock. Highly recommend!!! Anathem - Neal Stephenson. The autobiography of Eienstein. Heir of Fire Ready Player One. The Restaurant at the End of the Universe. The Hobbit - I reread it for the umpteenth time, still awesome. I'm in the middle of reading *Anna minun rakastaa enemm?n* by Juha Itkonen.

the last fiction book I read in English was *South of the Border, West of the Sun* by Haruki Murakami. Wise Man's Fear from Patrick Rothfuss. 11/10 would recommend. *With the Lightnings* -- David Drake Wheel of Osheim by Mark Lawrence. Just finished A Scanner Darkly by Philip K Dick, really enjoyed it. Reddit, how's your Monday going?  Ugggggghhhhhhhhhhhh. Good despite being tired from watching Game of Thrones last night. well in a dazed state last night i picked off the "protection" [stuck food particles over my gaping hole in my tooth] so now i'm in horrible pain and kinda wishing i was of the non living variety. Really good. I read [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/LifeProTips/comments/4q1qlr/lpt_cognitive_reappraisal_how_to_get_out_of_a/) earlier today and even though a lot of it really wasn't new information, somehow it just sort of made many things I'd heard before gel and I'm feeling really good about things. I have a toddler and his dad's still trying to get some sleep. Why does Monday even exist... Zzzzzzzz Monday? It is monday? For a Monday... craptastic, thanks for asking!

How's yours? What have you caught yourself doing on autopilot that you really should of been doing?  *should have or should've I'll start us off.

I work in a quiet building and I found myself starting  unzip my flies after I enter the bathroom. Assuming that it's so quiet no one will be in.

So, door handle, push, walk in a step, unzip.

The radius of this has been increasing though...

Door handle, push, unzip.

Door handle, unzip, push.

Unzip, door handle, push.

Today - unzipping 10 steps from the door...

Caught myself thinking "woah! let's wait until I am at least in the room before I get my junk out!" Driving home when I needed to stop at the shops. Driving.  Cruising down the road and in a two ton hunk of metal probably isn't the time to go on autopilot You've got 1 one phone call to make to save the world from another World War, Who do you call and why?  Ghostbusters 911 Toscani's Pizza for a large sausage and bacon pizza with extra cheese. And a beer. Jon Stewart. Nobody else has the contacts in both politics and mass media combined with widespread confidence and trust. What's a minor flaw in a commercial that bugs you everytime you see it?  When a charcoal grill is shown grilling food and a visible/large flame is shown under the food. A visible flame is either a grease fire, or you're still burning lighter fluid (shame on you for using that in the first place!) Not a minor flaw but if there was one person I could murder in cold blood it would be Flo from Progressive. theres a commercial... hersheys maybe?  where a girl is mad that her dad works too much so she gets a life size printout made and they put it in front of a web meeting so he can make smores or something...

THAT WOULDNT WORK! What is the most specialised joke you know ?  For plumbers:

?This lawn supervisor was out on a sprinkler maintenance job and he started working on a Findlay sprinkler head with a Langstrom 7? gangly wrench. Just then, this little apprentice leaned over and said, ?You can?t work on a Findlay sprinkler head with a Langstrom 7? wrench.? Well this infuriated the supervisor, so he went and got Volume 14 of the Kinsley manual, and he reads to him and says, ?The Langstrom 7? wrench can be used with the Findlay sprocket.? Just then, the little apprentice leaned over and said, ?It says sprocket not socket!? Did you know that Hellen Keller had a pony? So Gabriel is at the pearly gates, shooting the breeze with St Peter, watching the new arrivals pass through. All of a sudden, there's a huge ruckus off on a distant cloud, and it's approaching fast. Before long, the two can see that it's an ambulance -- making all kinds of noise, people jumping out of the way, lights, sirens, and so on. 

As it whips through the gates, Gabriel sees that none other than God is at the wheel. He turns to St Peter, who's just standing there, shaking his head. 

"What in heaven's name was that?" asked Gabriel. 

"It's God" Peter replied. "Sometimes he likes to think he's a paramedic." Teenagers of reddit: what are your fears for the future?  That the memes will be stale. That I might get violated. Giving up on life because I'm growing old. Getting scared of losing and failing. Not being as invincible as I believe myself to be. Getting stuck in a dead end job and walking zombically around from 9 to 5 doing whatever I need to keep myself walking around. Losing my will to dream and hope. One day the next generation will be disrespecting me, insulting my taste in music and vandalising my stuff. It makes me so scared I want to spray paint an alternative poem about it onto my neighbours house Won't be able to get a job in the field I study in college. I see a ton of college grads nowadays that end up working at McDonalds. Mascots, whats the craziest thing you've done?  I(a dog) asked my owner a profane question... and now i'm posting it on Reddit. Girls of reddit (I bet there are dozens of you!), is it possible for someone currently walking on crutches to be attractive?  Disgusted even thinking about it! CRUTCHES?!!  #PUKE something something broken arms Yes.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7Ja1i1bju4  
Potentially NSFL. As a male, I don't think crutches make someone unattractive. I literally started dating a girl who was on crutches when we met. There's no problem there. If someone's on crutches, they're just temporarily injured. It doesn't really impact how attractive they are. Edit: Girls and gays. I guess you know this stuff too. I'm not a girl so you might not want to hear from me, but the most important thing you can do is be confident friend. I know it hurts to see yourself in what you consider to be less than your best form, but people will and should still be attracted to you for you. Not a girl, but what kind of heartless bitch wouldn't date you because you're using crutches? The key is to be attractive without the crutches as well If they're attractive without crutches, they'll still be attractive with them. Dude, relax. Girls you will like you even more...the way a predator targets the weak and the young. Relationships are a trap. No idea what crutches has to do with being attractive. I am female. Drive through workers. What is the weirdest, grossest, or coolest thing you've seen in a customer's car? (Serious)  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* My friend worked at KFC/Taco Bell for a couple years in college. The inside closed at 10pm but the drive thru stayed open til 1am. One lady was pounding on the door trying to be let in saying she had to go to the bathroom but they cannot let anyone in. She proceeds to go through the drive thru order a large water, then dumps it out pulls down her pants and pees in the cup. Splashed it on the drive thru and called them in inconsiderate assholes. **Weirdest:**  None of the kids are buckled up.  That's so odd to me.  Don't you fucking care at all?  I almost don't want to give you your food until you get that 3 year old in a car seat.

**Grossest:**  Tons of cars just full of trash.  They come through all the time.  It's not even shocking anymore.

**Coolest:**  Couple with a pet squirrel running around in their car.  Even had it do some tricks while they were waiting. Oh how to start...  
It was about 5pm in the middle of August and it was pretty hot. It was a Sunday so it wasn't busy, which is why I remember this so well. I take an order, which was pretty big, and wait for the person to come to the window. Here comes the car, sagging a little, and inside is the grossest human being I've dealt with. Sitting there was a large, sweaty, smelly, woman who looked like she was overflowing in her seat. In my head I was wondering how she was gonna pay for this since it didn't look like she could reach anything besides the steering wheel. Well, in a span of 2 seconds she, unfortunately, answered my question by pulling out her sweaty boob money. I've never done a transaction so fast in my life. I proceeded to power wash/sanitize my hands until I felt confident enough to touch my phone.  

  
**TL;DR**: Big Woman, Smelly Boob money. When I did drivethrough, one time a guy tried to bring his funny car dragster (tubbed out el Camino with huge drag slicks and tiny spindles on the front, plus a 3' tall blower sticking from the hood). It was so loud every time he tried to crawl it forward a little it shook the cups off the shelf by the soda machine. 

Don't know how that car was street legal, but it had plates. What is one thing you miss about your ex and one other thing that you don't?  I miss our amazing chemistry. We were so in sync in life and in bed. Best sex and best partner I've ever had by a mile.

I don't miss her ex and once again current abusive sack of shit boyfriend making her life and by extension my life hell. Girl could suck a dick, but didn't really have anything worthwhile in common. I miss the fact that he is a night owl, I am too. I don't miss his need to be right all the time. I miss our chemistry. I've never felt so comfortable with a girl before. I don't miss her immature jealous behaviors. What should we do with children that don't want to go to school?  Battle Royale When I didn't want to go to school one day, I was forced to do yard work all day. I was pretty excited to go after that. Make them go anyway. They are children, they need to learn shit to be contributing adults. Act like parents and get their asses to class. http://pbfcomics.com/archive_b/PBF172-Cave_Explorer.jpg They don't want to go to school, as in to an actual school, or they don't want to learn? I think a lot more parents should be qualified and able to provide their children home schooling. Make schools more engaging for kids by losing the one size fits all approach and stop teaching with only the intent to pass a standardized test.

A lot of kids haven't developed the discipline and concentration it takes to copy and memorize. Instead of them sitting at a desk and listening to a lecture they have to copy into a notebook to reread before their test, schools should be letting kids interact with the subject matter by exploring it whenever possible. If you're talking about chemical reactions, let them work with appropriate chemicals and guidance to see what happens, rather than just telling them to memorize for a test later on. If you're doing a unit on poetry, let them pick out their favorite poem from whatever's in the school or local library rather than teaching them the same twenty sonnets that have been in text books for the past fifty years. For fuck's sake, take them on field trips.

But until institutional changes are made, get your kids dressed, fed, and the bus, because you're the one in charge of them. There are truancy officers who are assigned to see why your kid hasn't been in school, and you could face legal issues for letting them stay at home. Be a fucking adult. Are we talking your kids specifically or some random kids sitting in your garden? We could start by explaining that people look dumb when they misuse "who" and "that" in their sentences. Which boardgame would be the best for a millionaire business man to unwind with? Why?  Snakes and Ladders but with cocaine [X-Wing Miniatures](https://www.fantasyflightgames.com/en/products/x-wing/): It's intuitive and easy to learn. Very very fun. And if you like it enough you can sink a bunch of money into it. Warhammer. You need to be a billionaire to afford all the Miniatures, books, etc. To play Dominos because of all the interesting people you will meet. [Serious] Why do people not carry their ID (drivers license, etc) with them?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I don't live in a police state. I've been watching alot of cop shows and it seems like the people never carry their IDs on them. My brother does the same thing and I just never understood the logic of it. Has my home address on it, I don't want everyone knowing where I live. They might be afraid of having it stolen from them if they get held up or mugged.  They might be doing something nefarious where an ID would make busting them easier if they happened to stumble across a police officer.  They might just not have one at all. Because I like to travel light. If I'm only going to up the block to the store to buy milk, I'll bring a $5 bill and my keys. 

(Admittedly this desire to travel light once caused me a bit of trouble, but my driver's license wasn't the item that would have helped me out.) We have to carry drivers with if we are driving otherwise we will be fined. I don't carry my ID unless I am going to need it,  I don't want to lose it. The only time I do not is if I inadvertently forget to take my wallet off of the dresser before I go out the door. If I'm driving, I will most certainly need it, as will I my credit cards, if I'm going shopping, or medical insurance card, or AAA road service card, etc. in case something should happen while I'm out and about. About the only time I purposely leave home without my wallet is when I'm walking over to the YMCA, about 1/4-mile away, for a workout. Even at that I'm carrying my YMCA membership card, which is a photo-ID of sorts. Do you use 1 space or 2 spaces after the period?  One space. That's the proper way to do it. I use one unless I'm at work. I work with legal documents and we have to use 2 spaces after. 1 1. Two is if you are using some ancient device I think it was called a ... "typewriter". I use one space, and then Microsoft word adds a space. It's all about the proportional fonts - - we don't live in Typewriter World anymore. Depends on the application of using 1 space versus 2. I use 2 spaces for work as I create technical documentation and that is the standard across all of them. As you can see, personally I use 1 since this is one giant paragraph. 2 spaces, forevermore. I know that (as the other commenters have said already) the two space rule came primarily from the days Inn which everyone used a typewriter. The additional space was almost necessary, because without it, the sentences were overly cluttered and more difficult to read. 

When I was a student in middle/junior high/high school, I was taught to use two spaces, and I've never broken myself of the habit. Shrug. I use 2 spaces because when I hit the space bar twice, my IPad fills in the period for me. I'm lazy I use 1 On my phone I use 2 because it turns the first space into a period. On a computer I used to do 2 until my freshman college English teacher corrected me on it. Just a single space after a period. What Spongebob episode can perfectly describe your life?  *The best time to wear a striped sweater....is all the time...*

I'm a teacher that thinks he's a stand-up comedian with a steady paycheck and no travel. I have never seen that show so I don't know. "Rock Bottom" The one where Spongebob makes hamburgers. The Red Mist "Can You Spare A Dime?" The one where he has to write an essay. The episode where Squidward had turned the Krusty krab into a fancy restaurant in order to impress Squilliam. Sailormouth is my favorite episode. :) What is getting worse and worse, with no change in sight?  The obesity problem in the US. The rising cost of:

- Energy

- College / Higher Education

- Housing



The decrease or stagnation of:

- wages

- unions

- Ability to actually retire comfortably at age 65 Age-related health issues... american politics Ignorance.  We're in an age of unlimited information and people are becoming less and less interested.  This is why we have listicles and clickbiat.  This is why people read a headline of a fake news site and go no further into what's being said before forming an opinion.  Hell, we're seeing some of the biggest spreads of misinformation we've ever had due to social media allowing for people to focus only on what they want to believe, and damn the evidence against it. The world is getting to be too PC As a college student, college tuition and all the fees that are included. Oh and also the cost of books! Climate Change. the human population Buzzfeed The chances of me going on a holiday any time soon... My optimism Unjustified fears perpetuated by the media. The Simpsons The abuse of power in our legal system. I can only speak of my observations of my 27 years of existence.  But Selfishness is going to kill us all. Corporate Media, reddit is now at pole position. School budgets. Feds and states are providing less subsidies every year which passes the bill along to the local property tax payers. The American Government. Last July it seemed as we were making progress with the recognition of gay marriage throughout the nation but now the whole election is taking us way back :( My life. America, period. I mean, I still love it but name one thing that isn't broken. And no one in power cares. The value of a dollar. The economy: America. BREXIT If Hillary becomes President how does she get even with Bill for Monica Lewinsky? NSFW  That already happened. She made him stay married to her. How much more revenge does she need? Have an intern eat her out. She'll spend a little quality time with The Donald. Have Wasserman-Schultz eat her out She will sacrifice him to her dark god as tribute for selling her soul to win Pin [Vince Foster's murder](http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/new-documents-prove-hillary-clinton-murder-cover/) on her husband. By fucking Monica Lewinsky She knocks the dust off of Uncle Bernie's bean bags, in order to both upset Bill and get Bern Bern to be on her side in 4 years. Film her doing a bukkake video with Congress She hires Donald Trump to be the White House intern, with the stipulation that he only wears blue suits. She makes him VP Has Trump go down on her. Bush. Interpret as you will. Bill didn't actually get impeached. She could one up him and do that. She hires Monica, with an exhorbitant salary, as a White House intern, reporting to her, and has her shadowed by the Secret Service 24 hours a day. I've found it amusing to think that if she does become president, she will be using the same desk Bill fucked Monica on. She'll do the same thing he did: have a chubby intern fuck herself with a cigar, then smoke it.

Then jack off onto her dress. Bernie sanders is going to eat her out clearly after he hands all the voter information and the donations he got. Women of Reddit, what do you feel about the lack of one standard piece of formal wear for you?  Isn't that what a little black dress is? Girls, what item of clothing on guys immediately turns *you* off?  Skinny jeans. Shirts that don't fit. Gloves Bling bling necklace Backwards baseball cap Time travelers of reddit, how do you time travel?  A car. one second at a time I don't know, all I know for sure is that with ever passing instance, I have traveled farther into the future. Involuntary forward one day after another. I close my eyes. 1minute per minute I came with The Shermanator can't tell yet, not common knowledge yet You can time travel with most phones nowaways if you know how. 

Open the camera app, and record a video or a take a picture. 

Then, you can later look at that picture or video and you essentially get a view of what things were like in the past! The only downside is you can't interact with the past in this way. Forward. Slowly. I use a device that lets me speed and slow the passage of time. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVL1crIccRI wait Who are the top 5 most dominant athletes of our time (1990-2016)?  Social media discussion listed Messi, Michael Jordan in the 90s, Federer in the 2000s, and Tiger from 2000-05. 

Other suggestions include Michael Phelps, Serena Williams, Fedor Emelianenko, Lance Armstrong ("because everyone was doping at the time")... * Jordan 
* Phelps
* Woods
* Serena Williams 
* Silva Usain Bolt.
Sergai Bubka.
Jan Zelesni.
Mo Farah.
Yelena Isinbeyeva Fedor Emelianenko 

Roger Federer 

Mike Tyson 

Michael Jordan 

Michael Phelps. Michael Jordan, Michael Phelps, Lionel Messi, Serena Williams, Tiger Woods I don't watch many sports. 1. Michael Jordan
2. Tiger Woods
3. Floyd Mayweather 
4. Lionel Messi 
5. Roger Federer Jerry Rice - 8x Pro Bowler, 6x AP All-NFL First Team, 1x AP All-NFL Second Team, 2x Super Bowl Champ, '90s All-Decade Team

Shaq - 2x Consensus All-American, AP/UPI College Player of the Year, Adolph Rupp Award Winner, NBA Rookie of the Year, All-Rookie Team, 6x NBA All-Star, 1x Scoring Champ, 1x All-NBA First Team, 2x All-NBA Second Team, 3x All-NBA Third Team

Ken Griffey  Jr - 10x All-Star, 7x Silver Slugger Award Winner, 10x Gold Glove Winner, 1x AL MVP, 4x AL HR Champ, 1x AL RBI Leader

Michael Jordan - 6x NBA Champion, 6x Finals MVP, 4x MVP, 7x All-Star, 2x All-Star Game MVP, 7x Scoring Champion, 7x All-NBA First Team, 7x All-Defensive First Team

Eric Cantona - 4x EPL Champion, Football League First Division Champion, Ligue 1 Champion, 2x FA Cup Champion, Coupe de France Champion, 1993-1994 PFA Team of the Year, 1993-1994 PFA Players' Player of the Year, 1995-1996 FWA Footballer of the Year

Mark Messier - 7x All-Star, 2x Stanley Cup Champ, 2nd All-Time in Points, 2nd All-Time in Games I'm answering this based on the term athlete meaning someone who is athletic *in general*. For instance, Tiger Woods dominated Golf, BUT, it's unlikely he could do any other sport besides golf. Thus, I don't consider him "athletic", rather, he's was just really good at golf. Based on this criteria, I generally weight sports like Basketball and Hockey to be higher in terms of "general athleticism", though Football is close. This also eliminates most baseball players.

EDIT: I answered this way because anyone can list "achievements" and figure out who was the most dominant in their individual sports. I don't find that interesting. Any list that excludes LeBron entirely is absurd.

1. Lebron James - Undisputed physical freak of nature. Had he wanted to play football, he would have made Cam Newton look tiny. Had he learned to skate, people would have been killed on the ice from his hits. Had he played tennis, they would have had to design strong rackets. Truly a legendary athlete. I don't just think Lebron could play most sports on a professional level, I also think he could dominate most sports on a professional level.

2. Michael Jordan - Similar to Lebron AND with evidence that he could play baseball on a professional level. Lebron has a size edge which helps in sports like football, whereas Jordan's size is more suited for sports like baseball/hockey. Overall, I sided with Lebron, but I think a case could be made for Jordan, especially since there is actual evidence of him playing other sports professionally (and being a really good golfer IIRC).

3. Wayne Gretzky - The Great One. While most of his best years were pre-1990, I'm still adding him as he did have good years in the 90's. Someone with that much skill and talent could have done anything sports related. The amount of pure athleticism it takes to play hockey is already very high, and he was way above that. His records will never be broken and most of them won't even be close to being broken.

4. Cam Newton - While he doesn't quite have the size of LeBron James, he does have the pure athleticism to succeed at virtually any sport while also having a strong enough head on his shoulders to play what I consider unarguably to be the toughest position in any professional sport to play. His career is still early, so I'll admit putting him on this list may be a bit pre-mature, but the question is not "who has won the most championships" or "who has the best team around them". Cam is a player you could put on essentially any NFL team and he'd elevate the entire team. (Note: I'm NOT arguing that Cam is the best QB. He isn't. But he is the most athletic IMO).

5. Rob Gronkowski - A freak of nature very near the level of Lebron James. Frankly, I considered putting Gronk at #3, but I decided I didn't have enough supporting evidence as to how he fares at other sports. Given his abilities in football, I don't think it's a big reach that he would be dominant in basically any sport, but I admit it's a reach. Anderson silva, tiger woods, federer, messi, phelps. Really surprised nobody has mentioned Bo Jackson. He might be the best pure athlete of the last 50 years. This isn't based off of any stats,nor is it in any order, but the first 5 names that come to mind are 

1. LeBron James
2. Derek Jeter
3. Christiano Ronaldo
4. Tom Brady
5. Floyd Mayweather LeBron James and 4 professional Dota players. Cristiano

Ronaldo

Aveiro

Dos

Santos LeBron, Messi, Ronaldo, Phelps, Serena Mickey mantle and babe ruth. Stop listing sportsmen and women. Redditors who have good neighbors, how do you get along with them on a day-to-day basis?  Dont fuck their daughter. well... dont let them know that i fuck their daughter. When I blasted brasilian hardcore punk at 3am, my neighbour just came up the stairs and said it. He didn't hold a grudge and he didn't find a sneaky way to say it, he just used his words, which I think is an underrated way of dealing with neighbour problems.

Apart from that, I've had zero interactions with them, and I'm very quick to blame the building's architecture for that. Haven't spoken to them once in almost two decades. Best neighbors ever. We mind our own business, and don't talk to each other that often. What is the worst TV commercial ever made?  That puppymonkeybaby Mountain Dew Kickstart commercial. It's unbelievably creepy. That stupid ass [puppymonkeybaby](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql7uY36-LwA).

Mountain Dew had another terrible one with their [harlem shake-esque](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLDEHurfSPc) commercial that played before every damn youtube video for me. Fucking hate the one with the Chevy something and they toss their phones in a wood chipper ... "Cause our car got wifi herp derp"... 

Except you just destroyed the device I would be using the wifi on... [Get yourself an outfit...Haaaircuuuut] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bnanI9jXps) The General insurance company. 

Are you a goddamn DUI drunken baby-killer with a meth addiction and outstanding warrants? Call the General - - - we'll get you insurance for your car! I would have to say the Kars4Kids one: https://youtu.be/K8UV7SAhvG4 Y'all have good responses but allow me to reintroduce the champion of terrible TV commercials:

HEAD ON APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE FOREHEAD 
HEAD ON APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE FOREHEAD
HEAD ON APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE FOREHEAD 
HEAD ON APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE FOREHEAD 
HEAD ON APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE FOREHEAD Anything Hillary Clinton "approves" Anyone from the east coast may have seen it, but: "YOU GOT THE BARN YOU GOT THE BARN YOU GOT THE BEDDING BARN WITH THAT DISCOUNT PRICE IT FEEL SO NICE YOU GOT THE BARN YOU GOT THE BIG RED BARN etc." Sorry about the low volume, but I can't find it anywhere else. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nbLEaVAM2E [I hate this Pepto Bismol commercial.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z0dIIYLm34) It goes way beyond the typical "men are idiots" trope you see in ads every day. The husband is a gluttonous moron who eats everything in the house, including dog treats.

Can you imagine if they did that with women? "Buy Pepto Bismol, for the next time your fatass wife gets so hungry she eats cat food." the quiznos "we love the subs" monstrosity. like, what the fuck was that thing and how did they expect a rabid looking mutated chihuahua was going to make me want to buy their sandwiches?? 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=55oVPn7sFuM Crazy Bruce's Liquor.    https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=SNkK-aQEtMI Any car dealer commercial involving screaming, loud ties, children, dogs or over the hill bimbos holding signs. Those fucking [Good Mood Food](https://youtu.be/Y84nBeCmkWQ) commercials Arby's used to have. 

I still refuse to eat there. That fucking Cox commercial with the 3D printing shit.  "Food, glorious food!" HEAD ON! APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE FOREHEAD! That Crocs commercial with that obnoxious kid singing "Come out and play..."

It's worse than nails on a chalkboard HEAD ON, APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE FOREHEAD. HEAD ON, APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE FOREHEAD. HEAD ON, APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE FOREHEAD. Anything by the anti smoking commercials with the orange theme it makes me want to go out and finish a pack before it ends What small thing would you miss the most if it were gone?  my penis. my penis Potassium pills. Never can seem to get enough of that shit through food so they have been a life saver. Haven't had a single cramp since I started popping one before bed every night. My wifes asshole. I'm just going to go ahead and say orange envelopes. My dog. Trust. It seems like such a small thing until you've lost it. My peehole. The Opus, I feel like if it weren't for her, Secret Santa would be total shit. Air conditioning as it is currently almost 90?F outside with high humidity Remote controls. What did ancient civilizations have for medicine that actually worked?  a lot used herbs and plants which many of which are still used today Willow bark Chewing Coca leaves Using honey as a protective layer for burn injuries.
Try looking up the The Edwin Smith papyrus (1500 BC)

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edwin_Smith_Papyrus

http://www.britannica.com/topic/Edwin-Smith-papyrus Leeches. The Egyptians loved to use cannabis for various ailments. Mostly for pain assistance and aphrodisiacs. Which celebrities get made fun of, but really shouldn't? . Gary Busey.

the dude is creepy as fuck and full blow bonkers but i'm pretty sure he went a bit loony after his serious surgery of removing a tumor and radiation therapy. Tom Cruise.  Sure he went a little whacky for about a year, and he believes in a super crazy religion.  But honestly who are we to say that his made up religion is more bullshit than anyone else's made up bullshit.

Dude brings it in every movie I've ever seen him in.  He's never phoned one in for a paycheck, even when he's got a tiny bit part in the movie.  That deserves respect. Stacey Dash Farrah Abrams. She is a great mother, and role model. What made you leave your religion?  The fact that none of it made sense. The "brain washing" aspect of it. It all being shoved down my throat at a young age put a bad taste in my mouth. Plus, my church smelled weird, like wet wood and disappointment. My loss of faith. Was nothing specific, it just happened over time as I got older. In a sense I am still in it, since I still go to church when I am home. But that's for mom's benefit. I don't want her to think she failed in raising all of her children to believe what she sees as the truth of the universe. I can keep the pretense up for her sake. Rampant hypocrisy among its members and the complete logical disconnect *required* to believe it. The moment I understood that Adam and Eve were banished from the Garden of Eden for eating from the tree of knowledge of good and evil. I'd always known that, but I'd never genuinely understood what it meant. When I realized that God had killed millions upon millions of people and Satan had killed about 10 people on God's command. When I started thinking about life more abstractly. I used to be pretty hardcore about my Christian faith when I was a kid, because that was Brazil after all. But then, a brazilian school textbook taught me about the massacre of indians by colons, and that was enough for my small mind - it shouldn't have been, but it was.

At that point, I declared myself an atheist, and the backlash from other kids was immediate. They regurgitated all the things their parents had taught them, things about demons and Satanism, and that's when the oppressive and controlling aspect of religion was made clear to me. I loved to tease them about it, I would willingly say things to kids and adults alike to make them angry at my heresy because I felt I was upsetting a societal norm, which is definitely a part of religion. I was aggressive about it and I was certainly just as intolerant as they were, I still saw the world as being clear-cut and unambiguous, I still had those self-righteous certitudes that do so much harm to the debate of religion.

Over the years, I switched from the societal aspect of religion to the philosophical aspect; I came to think of religion as an easy but imperfect way of dealing with the world and the hard questions of life: who are we, why are we here, what's our point. Religion answers all of those questions in a simple and elegant manner, it gives you a place in the world rather than letting you find your own, and creates a community of like-minded people. Atheism, meanwhile... good god, I still have a hard time grasping the existential stuff that it implies.

Nowadays, I think the question of whether or not there is a true religion is not as interesting as to look at how people deal with religion. What faith do they self-identify as? How do they feel about it? Is it an institutionalized faith or some kind of personal brew? What kind of moral code do they live by? How do they see God? How do they see themselves in relation to God? How do they see people of other faiths? All that stuff is really interesting to learn about whenever I get the chance. That's the bottom line, actually: it's much more interesting to learn than to debate, that's what discussion between opposite people should be all about. Finding a new one. Stopped believing in God. My parents. I mean, we as human never really dislike a religion, we only dislike the follower of the said religion. My parents called themselves faithful, yet they are racist towards other race, they are condescending towards others, & their behaviour sucks in general. What have guys gained srsly I left the Roman Catholic faith. What was listed in scripture didn't match with what I was being taught by family and clergy, and no one could effectively explain the difference.

I did return to religion, though. After being agnostic for a while, I became a born-again Christian. I became an ordained minister last year. I grew up a PK.  My father was nice to people outwardly but was horrible towards my brother, myself, and my mom.  He was a bully to no end.  While he was only slightly physical at times (it was never consistent and only was towards me, from what I recall) he used his studies in psychology to basically make it seem like we were just terrible people and needed him to survive.

When I moved out and joined the military I started heavily questioning the things I was taught.  Specifically, how could a man that decided a good way to teach me a lesson would be to slam my face into a door frame, and break my nose in the process, be "called by God to serve".  I questioned everything.  Not just if a god did or didn't exist, but if the Christian God did exist, what did that mean for us?  I studied contradictions, how they brainwash children, the way different things are handled inside the church, and so on.

I was agnostic for the longest time.  Then my father decided to email my entire family and say that until my brother and I re-accepted Jesus into our lives, we should be exiled from the family.  One of our relatives was having none of it and CCed us in on the emails.  We pointed out how horrible of a person he was, even more for trying to use this to blackmail us back into faith, and essentially got told "I have no sons".  My mom then tried explaining that the only reason I hate my father so much is because he represents God and all things good, so my disdain towards him is purely because I'm an atheist.  At that point I realized exactly how religion works and why it holds onto people.

Oh, 4 years later, my mom has considered filing for divorce at least 3 times and yet has stayed because that's the goodly christian wife thing to do. Grew up Mormon.  My parents split because my Dad had an affair with his secretary for a year before they finally split.  They hold a little trial with church members where they ended up excommunicating my dad, but this was after they were telling my Mom she would be judged in heaven for not doing everything possible to stay with my Dad.  Fuck all of that. The silly hats. Their views on women. Got tired of being told how evil women are and they could never adequately explain why women couldn't be priests, etc. 

It was a christian religion by the way. i stopped accepting things with out proof What are good phone games that don't require an internet connection to enjoy? . You can never go wrong with solitaire Shadow fight 2 Jet pack joy ride. Osmos. Year walk. Plague Inc. First Strike Any candy crush game. 

Crazy Kings, fun tower defense game. 

Redungeon. 

Out There.

Sorcery!

Two Dots I've been enjoying Atomas Reddit, what should we rename vehicles?  Car mccarface. Obviously. vroom vroom machines. Zoomy Boxes Metal boxey wheel wagons Boatercycles > jet skis Those who were alive during the 1950s: is, "Back to the Future," accurately portraying 1955? If the real 1955 was different, how so?  I don't know, I was not alive back then and can not contribute to this. how many septegenarians do you think are on reddit? [Serious] Modelers, what is a good thermoplastic to use in miniatures, that becomes moldable at a relatively low temperature?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Instamorph would probably be your best bet What's the strangest thing you've ever seen outside the window of your home?  My sister sucking an old dudes dick. A guy test-posing with his new Glock in his backyard. You know, doing all of those bad-guy stances. When I was playing hookie from school, hundreds...maybe even thousands, of crows covered everything. I'm not sure if it sounds creepy but when you're home alone at 12-13 years old and you look out the window and see crows covering any available space a bird might sit, it is creepy. A guy on a mule. In the middle of the city.

Yeah, that was the weirdest thing I've ever seen because my town might be a little bit boring. It's not that weird, but once an animal left some cookies on my air conditioner. 

No, I didn't eat them. French redditors, what's your favorite films?  I'm not French,  but I speak the language fluently.  A couple of my favorites:  

D?ner des Cons (Dinner of Fools) - comedy  

Le Peintre (The Painting) - animated. Available on Netflix. As in, favourite french film? Golly.

[Both the Mesrine movies](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mesrine_(2008_film)). Basically the french Scarface.

[La Haine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Haine), for the excellent depiction of life in impoverished multi-ethnic french housing projects that I'm completely unfamiliar with.

[L'ennemi Intime](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intimate_Enemies). The Algerian war of independence was kind of french Vietnam, so this is kind of like french Platoon or something. It's been a while and I'm not an expert so I can't say if the historical aspect is conveyed properly, but there's napalm, torture and desert warfare.

[Un Crime au Paradis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Crime_in_Paradise). It's about a married couple of farmers who hate eachother, until the husband decides to kill his wife; he goes to a lawyer, bullshits him into describing the murder that would be easiest to defend, then comes back and kinda-maybe-almost-unintentionally does it (it's one of the weird things about the movie). I love how funny it is, and I love the way the french countryside is depicted.

[Le D?ner de Cons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Dinner_Game). This movie is funny as hell. I wish I was French so I could answer this question. Le Grand Blond avec une chaussure noire now this is a great topic, oddly specific and i'm genuinely interested. "Tell me a joke" - What is your go to choice?  This guy wanted to buy a house, but he had only $1000 in his bank account.

Every night he'd pray to God, "Dear Lord, please send me money to buy a house." And he'd pray this for years and years.

One night, there's a crack of thunder and God appears before him. God says, "I want you to go to the bank and withdraw ALL your money."

"ALL my money, Lord?" asks the guy.

"Yes, ALL your money." So the guy takes all his money out of the bank.

Then God tells him, "Buy a bus ticket to Las Vegas and leave tonight." So the guy buys a bus ticket and leaves for Las Vegas.

When he gets to Las Vegas, God tells him, "Go into the very first casino you see." So the guy walks into the very first casino he sees.

God says, "take all your remaining money and go to the first blackjack table you see." So the guy does this.

At the blackjack table, God says, "take all your remaining cash and bet it on the next hand."

"ALL of it?" asks the guy.

"ALL of it," says God.

The dealer throws the guy a Queen and a seven. The dealer has a King showing.

God says, "take another card."

The guy says, "but God, I'm showing Seventeen!"

"TAKE ANOTHER CARD," says God.

"Hit me, " sighs the guy. The dealer lands a deuce on the seven for 19.

God says, "take another card."

The guy says, "but God, I'm showing NINETEEN!"

"TAKE ANOTHER CARD," says God.

The guy says, "Lord, it's NINETEEN!"

"TAKE ANOTHER CARD," says God.

"Hit me, " sighs the guy. The dealer lands a six on top of the 19 and the guy goes bust.

"DAMMIT!" says God. Two cows are standing in a field, and one says "what do you think about this mad cow disease going around?"  
The other says "why should I care? I'm a helicopter!" How do you make a whore moan?

With an endocrine gland.

^^*

^^I ^^made ^^it ^^up ^^so ^^it's ^^probably ^^really ^^bad.  ^^And ^^it ^^only ^^works ^^when ^^spoken. Two fish are in a tank.

One says, "How do you drive this thing?" Blind Prostitue: "wow, you're the biggest client i've ever had!"  

Me:  "Aww, you're just pulling my leg" A man is emigrating to Australia  
The immigration officer says "Do you have a criminal record?"  
And the man says, "Why, do I still need one?" Guy walk into his house with a duck under his arm and says "This is the pig I've been fucking."

His wife says "That isn't a pig, it's a duck."

Guy says "I wasn't talking to you." Why did the chicken cross the road?

>Why?

To get to the idiot's house. Knock knock.

>Who's there?

The chicken. 2 kids, a lawyer, a priest and a rabbi are on a lifeboat that's taking on water from being overloaded.
The rabbi speaks up right away and says "whatever we decide to do, we should NOT include the kids"
The lawyer says "fuck the kids"
the priest asks "do you think we have time?" A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel attached to his crotch. The bartender takes one look at him, raises an eyebrow and asks him "What's up with that?" 
The pirate looks at him and goes "Arrrgh, it be drivin me nuts." Why did the lizard cross the road? 
To visit his flat mate! 

After that fails, start with the rapid fire dead baby jokes and don't stop until you've left the room traumatised what is brown and sticky?

A stick. A woman gets a call from the police. ?We found a body, and we think it may be your husband. Does your husband have a mohawk, a glass eye, and two gold teeth??

She says ?Yes.? So, the police call her in to take a look at the body.

When she gets to the police station, the ?body? is just a severed head. But, the head has a mohawk, a glass eye, and two gold teeth.

The woman looks at the body and says ?That?s not my husband.?

The police officer says, ?What do you mean that?s not your husband? You said your husband had a mohawk, a glass eye, and two gold teeth, and so does this guy. How can that not be your husband??

And the woman says, ?He?s too short.? What do Mexicans put under their carpets?

Underlay Underlay A priest, a rabbi, and a piece of string walk into a bar. The barman looks up and says "is this some kind of joke?" What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?

A couple nails. An old man went to the mall and saw a kid with his hair dyed yellow, red, green, blue, all kinds of colors. The kid sees him staring and says, "What's the matter, pops? Never do anything wild in your life?" The old man says, "When I was in college, I had sex with a parrot, and I was trying to figure out if you were my son." England are playing the USA in a soccer match. The English players think it's a waste of time, so they field their manager Roy Hodgson all by himself to take on the eleven USA players. Then they go off to a pub to get blind drunk.

After about five minutes, the captain of the team gets a text from a friend. England are up 1-0! The team think this is working out just fine. Roy Hodgson has scored a goal after just five minutes, even if it's eleven Yanks to one Englishman. They forget about the game until a couple of hours later and it's time to head back to the stadium. The captain of the team checks his phone again. Sure enough, there's another text letting him know the final score. It's 1-1. The Yanks managed to score right at the last minute to earn a last-gasp draw.

The English team are disappointed, but they tell each other that a 1-1 draw wasn't a bad result for one man against eleven. They go into their locker room, where they see Hodgson sitting on a bench with his head in his hands, looking miserable.

"Cheer up, boss! Even if it ended 1-1, it was still a bloody good result!"

"Yeah, we're proud of you for playing the full 90 minutes against the Yanks!"

Roy Hodgson looks up in horror. "What are you talking about? I got a red card and was sent off by the referee after ten minutes!" [Funnyman! I'm having a shitty day. I'm depressed. Tell me a funny joke.](https://youtu.be/LwkIy0SJzqQ) "no."  
-me Jesus, my friends hate this one but i think it's fucking hilarious. "What did the one snowman say to the other snowman?"  "Do you smell carrots?"  

Another one a friend once told me that really stuck and gets a lot of gasps when I tell it. "What is white and sits in the corner?" "A baby"  
"What is green and sits in the corner?" "The same baby 3 weeks later." How do you think the unthinkable?

With an itheberg. How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two, but I don't know how they get in there. What's the best thing about 28 year olds?



There's 20 of them... How does every racist joke start? (quickly glance behind each shoulder) "Ok..." Why don't cannibals eat clowns? How do you make an electrician cry?

You kill his family. What? Am I on a fucking stage under a spotlight? Fuck you. Two goldfish are sitting in a tank. One looks at the other and says "Hey, how do you drive this thing?"

*ba dum, tiss*

r/dadjokes My life Two guys are walking down the sidewalk when they come across a stray dog going to town licking his genitals. One guy says, "Man, I wish I could do that." The other guy says, "Maybe you should pat him on the head first." A man walks into a bar carrying to giant handfuls of dog crap and yells:  
  
Look what i almost stepped in!!! I hired a blind prostitute once and as things started to get hot she commented on how big I was.

I said nah, you're just pulling my leg. A electrical, mechanical and software engineer are driving to a confrence. At the bottom of a hill, the car breaks down.

First the electrical engineer says "it must have been a crossed wire, I saw the turning light come on every time I hit the brakes."

The mechanical engineer says "No, it was the transmission, I could hear it going bad since we left."

To this the software engineer replies, "I don't know what it is but let's push it back up the hill and roll the windows up and down and see what happens" When someone asks me this my go-to is to instantaneously forget all clean jokes I've ever known and remember only raunchy / racist jokes that I would never want anyone to know I'd laugh at. What starts with "A" and is useful for looking up skirts?

[The dictionary.](/spoiler) "what's the worst part about 5 black guys driving a cadillac off of a cliff"

the other person naturally replies "the cadillac?"

"no, they were my friends...."

but you have to look really hurt and offended when you say the punchline. "Daaamn I can't remember any." Happens to me all the time. Hate it. Still can't remember a good joke to save my life. What do you call a sad strawberry?

A blueberry!

---

A young boy asks his dad: "Why do they say gardeners have green thumbs when their fingers aren't green?"

Dad replies: "It's just a saying son. It's like when somebody is caught stealing something they say they have been caught red handed, even though their hands are actually black."

---

Both from reddit. I don't have the thread for the strawberry one but here is the green thumb joke. https://redd.it/1ytfoc What do you get when you put a cat in the oven?


An erection. So a man walks into a bar and notices that a couple of pieces of meat are hanging from the ceiling. He asks the bartender what's up with those.

"We have this contest here. If you are able to jump up and hit the pieces of meat, you get a free beer. But if you fail, you have to buy a beer for everyone else. So are you up for it?"

The man thinks for a bit, then answers:

"Nah. The stakes are too high." A dyslexic man walks into a bra. A Nazi knock-knock joke.

"Knock-knock."

"Whose there?"

*slap them in the face* "WE WILL ASK THE QUESTIONS!" How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a light bulb?

Just Juan.


(It's great because people think it's going to be super racist) I like my women like I like my coffee.......ground up and in the freezer.

-Some Reddit Person I only know this one joke because I worked at a construction temp agency and when one guy found out I was a lesbian he told me this joke every day as if I'd never heard it before.

"So I traded Christmas presents with my neighbors, a couple of lesbians. They gave me a really nice Rolex, but I think they were confused with my present - I told them all I wanted was to watch..." "how many emo kids does it take to paint a house?" "depends how you throw them." Id get red-faced and try to avert the situation. A last-ditch effort would hypothetically involve running away. How do you make a tissue dance?

You put a little boogie in it! a brother and sister are ducking out in the barn. sister starts laughing and brother angrily asks why. she says, "you fuck just like dad" to which the brother replies, "yeah, mom told me." Whats worse then 10 babies nailed to one tree?





One Baby nailed to 10 trees. I usually add quite a bit of fluff to it, as to lead them on longer, but here goes.

A man buys a zoo, but it doesn't have any animals. So obviously he needs to fill it up to start his business.

 He sees an ad for Myna birds, and he answers it. The man who is selling the birds tells him that he has fifty birds to sell, or no deal. The zoo owner really didn't want fifty, but he bought them all, as he had very little choice.

Next, he decided he needed a big hook for his zoo, and he wanted lions. But lions are expensive, and he couldn't afford them, so he decides to rent them from the state. It's still expensive, but he's happy to do it

Next, he wants aquatic animals of some sort, and he sees an ad for porpoises. He answers the ad, and the guy shows up, looking pretty shifty. He tells him nobody else will have these porpoises, and even though the zoo owner is worried, he buys them. However, the guy tells him that they only eat live meat, which is weird, but doable.

Zoo Grand Opening, thirty minutes until showtime. He's nearly ready, except he forgot to feed the porpoises. He worries, but he has many extra birds, so he decides to go grab those, and he passes the lions to do so. He grabs a couple birds, and heads back at the lions. He crosses right past the lions, when SWAT teams drop from helicopters and come out of trees and tell him "You're under arrest for transporting mynas past state lions for illegal porpoises!" I know quite a few good jokes. But usually I try to make humor of the current dialog or situation. /r/dadjokes Why are their so many battered women?

BECAUSE THEY JUST WONT LISTEN while beating fist in your hand. Why did the chicken cross the road? To fuck your bitch Did you hear about the one armed fisherman?

He caught a fish *this* big. You'll pay off your student loans Homeowners of reddit... Of all the possible tree choices... Why cottonwood trees?  Because I don't have allergies, and I am trying to corner the market in antihistamines. Huh? As an allergy sufferer, I completely understand your question OP. But historically they grew very tall very quickly, making them valuable as shade trees. Seriously, fuck cottonwoods.  
"Ah, shit!  I'm being attacked by a .... puffball from tree." Omg, I hate them.  They make all that sneezy fluff and when they get to be big trees, they rot on the inside and fall over. I have a massive one in my backyard. It was there before we moved in, I assume. With severe tree pollen allergies.... that thing is a jerk. That said it's a gorgeous tree. It is a hardy and fast growing tree. What is the most unsafe condition you've ever been in?  your moms pussy. When I got my head injury they had to put me to sleep to deal with me at the emergency room.  No fucking clue what happened to me in between the time that the nurse gave me something, and the MRI hours later.  Fuck that was weird.  Fuck that hospital. 

I wasn't able to talk to anyone and they were speaking moon-man to me.  I was looking at them with no comprehension so they made me go to sleep. Recently changed a flat tire on the shoulder not much wider than my car of a Texas highway with a 75-mph speed limit. Three-ton vehicles going by you at 80 miles an hour about 2 feet away really make the point that *this is dangerous as fuck.* My roommate and I stopped at a place in Milwaukee called Judy's Red Hots to grab some food.  After ordering and paying, while we waited for our food, a "disagreement" began between a couple other customers.  At one point, one of the guys went out to his car and quite obviously grabbed something from under the seat before returning to the store and his discussion in progress.  Most of the people in the store appeared to be extremely uncomfortable when the guy returned from his car.  My buddy and I were fucking terrified because we were the only white people anywhere in sight.

I don't give a shit what color anyone is, but being someone who stands out in a crowd when there are angry people about is some scary shit. Lying prone on a steep-ass roof 35 feet off the ground while my brother stood behind me on the ladder handing me a hammer and nails to anchor my harness. Coupled with the fact that a storm was approaching, I was pretty terrified. I'm positive I felt myself begin to slide a couple of times. Took a walk at night in West Del Paso Heights, Sacramento. What tv show progressively got fucktarded?  Lost. Man that thing got weird. The Simpsons. Would have expected the same from South Park, but they always find new shit to mock on and are always on point. Heroes Prison Break, first season great then got worse over time Arrow The last man on earth Walking Dead.

Fear The Walking Dead.

Supernatural

Anything with zombies, honestly. Arrow. 

S1 pretty great over all

S2 absolutely excellent season all around.

S3 starts strong but falters around the middle, and starts to get a bit rough by the end

S4 starts off ok, then slowly starts getting worse and worse and finally, going WAY off the deepend by the end of the season. The level of writing is completely baffling by the end of this season and makes viewers wonder just wtf happened. 2 Broke Girls Supergirl,  started bad and kept getting worse. Redditors who went to community college: was it hard to meet people of the opposite sex there?  I'm in community college right now and it's hard to meet anyone in general. I don't have any friends and don't have a social life. Nope. It's just like any social situation, make an effort and soon you will have tons of friends. Don't get out of class and go straight home. Yup. It's significantly less social than High School as you spend much less time there. I don't know how a "regular" college would be, but I have very little social interaction at the community college. I talk to one or two people per class. I am not single and don't have much of an interest in a more involved social life than I currently have, so this is perfect for me. I'm in community college right now.. and most of my new friends are members of the opposite sex. I think that it's hard to be social but that's a good thing.. it makes you focus on studying more. Be social once you get to University is what I'd think. People who have traveled through the Bermuda Triangle and survived, how was it?  The Bermuda Triangle is huge.  Most people who have traveled through it don't realize it, and the supposed high number of lost planes and boats is just the result of it being so well-traveled. I mean, there's a reason why we only talk about planes that crash. What happens when the plane doesn't crash? Plane takes off, plane flies, plane lands. Completely anticlimatic. What post will get you the most negative karma?  " Why do people hate Donald Trump ?? He knows what he's doing " Paid Steam Mods fuck all SJWs, being that big of a loud mouthed retard should be punishable by law What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I?ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I?ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I?m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You?re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that?s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little ?clever? comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn?t, you didn?t, and now you?re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You?re fucking dead, kiddo. Given a gif of a girl blowing the seeds off a dandelion and then offering it to a little boy who eats the flower top instead, say she should teach him to blow first. By itself, not too bad. Throw a lenny face in there, you've got 20 downvotes in a few minutes. 

I'm never going to salvage my karma on r/whitepeoplegifs ;_; What would you ask a penguin?  "How's it going, penguin?" go to club penguin, great place to test out these answers Why do you touch me? How do you feel about gay penguins that pretend to be straight just to steal eggs? How do I get into your club? Do you even Windows? If he blew a seal...


A vacationing penguin is driving his car through Arizona when he notices that the oil pressure light is on. He gets out to look and sees oil dripping out of the motor. He drives to the nearest town and stops at the first gas station.

After dropping the car off, the penguin goes for a walk around town. He sees an ice-cream shop and, being a penguin in Arizona, decides that something cold would really hit the spot. He gets a big dish of ice cream and sits down to eat. Having no hands he makes a real mess trying to eat with his flippers. After finishing his ice cream, he goes back to the gas station and asks the mechanic if he's found the problem. The mechanic looks up and says "It looks like you blew a seal."

"No no," the penguin replies, "it's just ice cream." suh dude How great did it feel to win the Stanley Cup? Being that you're black and white, if you were racist, what animals would you be racist against? [Serious] People who have opted to have children, what made you decide to do so?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Wife wanted a kid.  
It's all her fault. I decided I wanted kids at the age of 16 when I was first handed my friends baby. When he looked up at me i realised i wanted my own little person to look after and nurture. I just became a dad for the first time 9 months ago at the age of 30. What posts out of subreddit context make you do a double take?  What do you dip your balls in?  Your mom's sweet ass My victim's blood [BABA GANOUSH!](http://imgur.com/gallery/qKousut) What do you think of the ever expanding privacy statements on every website that you visit?  No idea I never read them. What are your terrible roommate experiences?  My roommate (assigned to me by the Navy) was a bible thumping Baptist who was trying to convert me.  I came back to my room one night and he was pounding a bottle of Tequila and listening to Danzig; I turned and left. I came back later in the night and he was passed out. In the morning I woke to the sound of pouring rain only to discover him pissing all over his desk. My wife and I had a roommate once. She was terrible. She would never pay the internet bill, even though that one was on her, she would take our share of it, and spend it. She never did the dishes, when I was her turn, and never cleaned her room. She would also comment on my crotch more often than I liked. One time my roommate fucked up our kitchen and refused to clean it. Then I smashed him with shovel. Do you want to know where I burried him? [NSFW] What's the most embarrassing thing that has happened to you during sex?  I had been dating this girl who loved derogatory dirty talk. She always wanted me to call her a slut etc during the action. We dated for years, it basically became part of my routine. First partner afterwards:

"Yeah, you're daddy's little slut!"

"What the fuck did you just say????" 

....

*Hello darkness my old friend....* i pulled out, hastily flung the condom off my member, and came on her face. i hadn't had much sex experience, but since it was common in porn, i just thought that's what you were supposed to do. afterwards, i got slapped, and that girl still hasn't talked to me since that day. Girl was on top of me, she got off me right as I was about to cum, the cum shoots out and lands right between my eyes. Gave myself a facial. my buddy was with a girl that was more experienced than him. mid coitus she got a little dry and told him to spit on her. he, not knowing what she meant but trying to oblige her, hocked a fat loogie and spit it on her chest. Let's see... I was dating this very nice lady in college. She was home schooled her parents were really religious but she was gorgeous so I figured why not date her? It's college everyone will believe we had sex even if we didn't. Turns out she's a freak. So we were having sex on night in my dorm room and I'm behind her she's bent over head in the pillow muffling her screams i'm about to cum and boom my roommate walks in I slip out but mid hump and I cum. So my penis slides up her butt and I cum in my own eye.  It burned like a motherfucker. So I start screaming she's mortified. She doesn't know why I'm screaming and my roommate is standing there at the door laughing his ass off. 

I couldn't believe it and a couple weeks later she broke up with me because she couldn't stand seeing my roommate because she still kept up super religious appearances. So I used to use a neti-pot - one of those things where you basically pour water in one nostril and it comes out the other to help wash your sinuses out. Anyway so I did that and I guess not all the water came out. We started having sexy time with me on top, and all of a sudden a gush of water came out my nose all over her face. It was A LOT of water, didn't realize how much could stay in there. She was pretty grossed out, but we finished and laughed about it. I was barely holding in a huge fart the entire time, and it escaped when I came. She was blowing me so her face was right down there. My baby sister walked in on my girlfriend and I having sex. My mom had send her to wake us up for breakfast. This caught my girlfriend off guard, and she kinda screamed, bringing my mom to the room. After she realized what my sister walked in on, she tried to take her out of the room. But my sister got curious...and my mom had me explain to her the birds and the bees. When I mentioned the, it's something that two people in love do, my sister asked, "Since I love you, and you love me, can we do that too?!"..... Gf farted while going at it, I knew she was embarrassed so I let one rip too. Hers didn't smell. Mine was so bad she started gagging. So, my wife and I work opposite shits and hardly saw each other for a while.  I had managed to "hold out" and not jerk off for almost 2 weeks.  Both managed to be at home at the same time for once and were furiously going at it, her on top.  Our bed room door was closed, we were just on top of the bed.  We hear the front door open and her sister called out that she was there.  Wife did not want to stop and kept going.   Sister opened our bedroom door and my wife rolled off me just as I came.  I came a LOT.  With great fury.  Probably an all time distance record.  Hands free.  With her sister staring in disbelief as a volcano of semen spurted forth from my penis.  She was too shocked to shut the door.  We all just started laughing. Suffering from delayed orgasms because I jack off too much and too intensely. Queefing. Now when it happens, we laugh. I was rather ill, but still had the fire in my pants.  GF and I were sexing it up and right after I finished, I ran to the bathroom and puked.  "Was the sex that bad?"  lol good times. She tells me to cum on her face. 

My aim was slightly off, so I cum all over her headboard and the pillow and the dribble hits her amazing white satin sheets. 

We spent 30 mins cleaning up the mess. 

Another time, not me, but we were going at it furiously, aaaand she queefs. Now it's not a big deal for me, but she has always had a thing with bodily noises (won't even let me in the loo even she is peeing or even brushing her teeth), so she was embarrassed as Fuck. Still is I guess as she brings it up on occasion. 

Another time, we hadn't locked the door, 69'ing on the couch....and her mom and sister walk in on us...now that was truly embarrassing. My EX was really into ass play and I'm pretty experimental by nature so I figured I would indulge her fantasy. We go out to an adult toy store and get an anal vibrator then proceed home for sexy time. As we're fooling around she starts to play with my taint and is really enjoying it; I'm desperately trying to not laugh because it tickled. The sexy times continue and she proceeds to pull out the vibrator and begins to lube it up as she performs fellatio. The moment of truth arrives and she slowly begins to slide the vibrator into my ass until the entire toy has set up camp next to my prostate. She flips the switch, not realizing it is set to high. I immediately throw my face into my pillow to stifle the laughter I'm experiencing which is only made worse by her repeated use of the phrase "You like that??". She yanks away the pillow to look lustfully into my eyes only to find me laughing like a fucking mad man with tears streaming down my face, completely ruining her fetish forever.

tl;dr GF wanted to try some ass play and I completely ruined her fetish forever by laughing until I cried. Was 69'ing a girl, and she readjusted so her anus was on my mouth instead. She had recently showered, and hairless, so I had no reason to object. Here we go giving my first ever rimjob. 

She gets pretty into it. Stopped going down on me because she couldn't keep it together. Then, out of nowhere... 

*Pffft.*

Yep. That was a fart. Didn't even need to taste it to know. She immediately catapulted off of me and rolled to the other side of the bed. So horrified and embarrassed that she started crying, and trying to apologize through the tears.

Me? I thought it was fucking hilarious. I couldn't stop laughing, but I'm sure that didn't help with her crying at all. She just lost control of herself on the edge of an orgasm was all, can't blame her. 

She calmed down after about 5 minutes and we restarted the action. No more tongue punching the fart-box, though. At least not that day. Oh that would be my first time. Like many guys, stuck it in and came instantly. What's worse is I said "that's terrible.." and laughed. Thankfully she understood I meant my performance and not her vagina I can remember one instance recently with my girlfriend, but I think it's happened more than once where in a moment of passion my partner and I move the wrong way at the wrong time and end up colliding heads. We took a break, not so much because it hurt, but because we were laughing too hard. Well, when you like to do as much cocaine as I like to do then you will have many embarrassing moments.  You might be able to last all night, but that won't help if you can't get it up.  Then you are left with a sad flaccid dick and hours to kill. I was getting it on with this girl on her living room floor.  Apparently swinging balls look like something fun to play with if you're a puppy... It wasn't a fart. something something jolly rancher I came in the night manager at Hardee's?? First time having shower sex with my GF in college and I got so into it that when I finished I blacked out and hit my head on the toilet.  Had to stay home from classes that day Going for the dt but almost end up puking cause it went too far and I almost lost control. We immediately stopped and my guy and I ended up laughing about it. She woke up... and fell asleep again. Fallen asleep giving oral sex. Granted, it was really Late and after some drinks. Lined the room with candles for ambience. Set my own hair on fire during the act. I got a blood nose at the exact same time I finished, way to many emotions all at once :/


She wasn't happy I said my bestfriends name whilst mid coitus, then proceeded to be confused why she was mad. I said something, i don't really remember, and she looked at me, starting to laugh. I asked why : "that's something my mom always say to me..."
so the face of her mom started to appear in my head, it stopped everything...

She asked me why i stopped, and that was painful to tell her why... :( He got a bloody nose. While on top of me. Blood. All. Over. My. Face.... And we still finished She threw up on my dick trying to deep throat. We had just ate chicken and broccoli pizza. This guy wanted to come over late one night and I said he only could if he brought pizza. He follows through and brings pizza with hot pepper flakes on it which are my favorite.  

Anyway, after eating a slice each we are making out on the couch and decide to move toward the bedroom. His hands are all over me when all of a sudden my vagina is on fire--my first thought was that I spontaneously contracted an std.  

After running to the bathroom and running cold water all over my lady parts I realized he never washed his hands after eating eating the pizza WITH HOT PEPPER FLAKES. I yelled at him about it, but we had a good laugh after. I ate the poo poo I snapped my Frenulum, filled my girlfriend with blood then sprayed blood everywhere while yelling in pain. Then spent 5 hours at the hospital with her sitting next too me and 8 nurses constantly switching out to look at my dick to see an injury they havent before. Super embarrasing Bloody nose while on top of her. Just one of many reasons not to use cocaine. Whiskey dick. [deleted] I woke up It actually happened to me about 3 days ago. Me and my boyfriend were blackout drunk, and accidental (I don't know how 'accidental' it was) anal happened. Yeah it didn't smell good. Complete frenulum tear with a girl from Tinder. Result: trip to the ER, loss of self-esteem, dropped out of my graduate degree program, and depending on what my urologist says Wednesday, frenuloplasty or circumcision. I cannot stop thinking about my dick and dicks in general 24/7. Not me but my gf

I spoiled my girlfriend that day with mcdonalds and milkshakes and all kinds of snack foods to celebrate ending of the semester and because she was on her period

30 minutes after we eat, things are getting spicy in the bedroom and she goes down on me and I hear her gag

At first I felt a little pride, I won't lie, but that was followed up with shock/confusion when she proceeded to vomit all over my junk and my stomach. Green Milkshake plus pieces of nuggets all over me. 

She gave me this look of absolute horror and ran away to finish throwing up.

I laughed for days about it and now 3 months later we make each other laugh by bringing up

She was super embarrassed for 2 ish weeks. I realized that that's a pillow. When I was younger I was fingering a girl and thought to myself "You know which finger is more like a penis? The thumb!" So I gave her a thumbs up. It was not well received. Pulled out just in time to finish and since I'm a gentleman and had finished first I immediately got to work with my hands to finish her off. Just as she's about to cum (not long after since she was close) I moved to take her nipple in my mouth and got a wet sticky taste of my own man melt forcing me to do one of those mouth half open whine-yells as she cums and laughs at me. Another one was a day, we had fun watching tv and some, felt excited.

We were in the bed, starting to sleep in "spoon position" (?) and so i tried to tickle here where you should tickle, so she started to turn her in the middle of the bed, face straight toward the ceiling, so i assume she like that. well, i start to pull off her pants, while i continue to finger her, she was pretty wet at that moment, she even spread her legs.

So i tought it was the moment to "go deeper", take a condom, and start penetration.
It was at that moment she wake up, asking at me "wtf" and starting panicking.

the fact is, i didn't know she were asleep, so i didn't understand why she was panicking, so she tell me that she were asleep, and i was like "wtf, u kidding, i would have known if you were asleep" i even tell her that she was pretty wet, and that she spread her leg and all. That was pretty embarassing I had my laxative routine down to a science:

Take 6-8 before bed, awaken 5-10 times in the night to shoot tar out my ass, a final 2-4 futile dry heaves from my anus after morning coffee, and BOOM!! Good to go.

TL;DW: Late night flight+early morning sex+laxative routine out the window= me having an orgasm in the midst of my "Routine"....that ended with my lover being sprayed from the neck down to the knees with a hot stream of chunky diarrhea, conceived from a combination of airplane food, diet coke and laxatives, that exploded from my weakened colon, like a sewage hydrant. 

We divorced 10 years later. I mean, obviously.  /s I am queer and was having sex with another man. He had cleaned himself out, but apparently he hadn't flushed everything out. Basically he douched onto me. It seemed to be entirely clear water though, so that was a relief. Still embarrassing, but we cleaned up and finished.

Also, I was hooking up with a trans man (genetically female with breasts removed and having undergone hormone therapy, but still possessing a vagina) in his office after hours. We turn on the lights to find blood everywhere. Like all over our bodies, the office, you name it. At first I worried I'd accidentally cut him with a finger nail or something, but apparently I'd roughed up his cervix which hadn't seen a lot of action recently. Again embarrassing, but we just cleaned up and finished. Not me but an acquaintance:

Nerdy guy in college never had a sexual experience beyond the palm of his hand. Went to a big ol' party kegger at a co-op where a similar and equally nerdy girl with a similar track record.

Well, hosts at the party picked up on it and granted them both a quiet room on an upper level off limits to the main party. Condoms and lube were provided and after about 5 minutes a few of us snuck/sneaked up to the landing on the steps beside the room.

After about 10 minutes of us beaming proudly and holding back from listening in on the door, the door flew open and out came our nerdy guy running like hell, half naked and covered in *something*. He made it to the bathroom and proceeded to puke and gag and took off for the dorms. 

Female friends of the nerdy girl entered the room and that was that until the next morning.

Nerdy guy, who is probably still traumatized from this experience, explained what occurred: he went down on nerdy girl as a gentleman does when one knows he won't last more than what is a laughable increment of time. While down, between nerdy girls thighs, she shifted to a more comfortable position and let loose a fart, a fart so impactful that it shot a lone kernal of corn out of her shooter and through his puckered lips and smack into the middle back of his throat. She then threw up on him and he threw up on/in her lap. 

TL;DR: Guy goes down on girl for first sexual experience. Girl sharts a corn kernal into his mouth and both puke instantaneously. Was doing butt stuff with an ex GF. It was my first time using anal beads and had no idea what I was doing.

Once I had shoved all the beads up there she told me to pull them out and being the nervous inexperienced guy that I was ended up yanking them out like I was starting a lawnmower.

She screamed and jumped so hard I thought she was going to hit the ceiling and ended up leaving a major fecal disaster all over my bed. Seriously massive amounts of lube infused poo covered me and my bed and carpet.

She waddled over to the restroom clenching her newly prolapsed anus and I awkwardly tried to console her painful sobbing from the other side of the door for almost an hour.

We didn't stay together long after that. Was in my teens. First real gf. We were alone in her house and started fooling around. I stopped and went down on her mid dance. She squirted all over the place. I being a young guy had already seen it in porn plenty so I didn't think anything of it. I felt a little pride. She on the other hand freaked out and got up and pushed me out of the room, then slammed the door and locked it. I'm standing outside of her bedroom butt ass naked annnd her parents walked in the door. The front door is about 2 feet from the hall her room was down so they both got an eye full. They knew were having sex but had the "out of sight out of mind" mindset.. well I wasn't out of sight any more. Not me but my best friend's boyfriend Mike accidentally came on her purse. She was on top and riding like a champ. When I came, my toes curled and everything in my body flexed and I must have been dehydrated because both of my calves cramped like crazy. I yelled and had to get her to roll off of me.

I walked with a limp for a couple days because they cramped so bad. Girlfriend's dog licked my asshole immediately after I started cumming. My wife the other day was bent over on the bed, spread very wide, and I started fucking her doggy style.  The position caused her to basically suck huge amounts of air into her vagina, so while I was fucking her it was making *really* loud fart noises.  

We could *not* continue after that, we were laughing so hard. My 15 year old son walked in on mommy getting oral from daddy.

I am sure we will laugh about it someday. But not any day soon. First time sleeping with a girl I had pursued for ages.

Farted at point of climax. I had no ability to stop. Each pump of jizz released a fart of differing notes.  ^^^They ^^^^stunk, ^^^^^too They found my penis. When I lost my virginty I said my first girlfriends name, twice. Going at it for a bit, switch positions so I'm sitting up on the bed, she's on top with legs (supposed to be) wrapped around me...turns out i sat on her foot mid thrust or something and broke/sprained (don't remember, it's been awhile) her foot...i thought I had just hit the magic spot for once. I met the ex's mom and grandmother for the first time ever, while deep throating him. Put it in the butt. I swear, it was an accident.  No, seriously, I'm not into that. Sweetheart, please, I would ask first. And I'm not into that. Ok, fine, I'll ask first next time. I know you're not ready for that, whatever.   
  
  But seriously,  I'm not into that. This happened about a month ago. I was spending the week in Greece with my wife for our anniversary. We were drinking all night and finally went back to our hotel room and things got nice and heated. I was going down on her for a little bit and I had the hiccups pretty bad but no nausea or anything. It was time to switch positions so she was going to start giving me a blow job. As I lean back and she starts going down on me I hiccup again and vomit starts shooting out of my mouth like a fucking fireman's hose. I tried holding it my mouth and covered my mouth with my hand but the pressure was just too much, so it started shooting in all different directions. It just kept coming and coming. There was so much vomit. All over her, all over me, all over the bed and the sheets, it was fucking everywhere. IT STILL WOULDN'T STOP!!! I ended up just sitting with my head between my legs spewing the past 24 hours worth of food all over myself while she's just sitting there trying to figure out what the hell is going on. Finally after about 5 minutes I manage to contain myself long enough to make it to the bathroom to finish my fiasco. Needless to say, I never got that blowjob. Friend of mine when he pulled out after anal sex had a sweetcorn on the tip of his penis.... [deleted] She farted while I was going at it from behind. This was something like our third time, so I think she was a little more embarrassed than she would be now. We both just stopped and laughed. Getting interrupted by someone I was casually seeing. She had keys to walk my dog while I was traveling on business and wanted to surprise me. Nobody was really doing anything wrong, but super awkward. I [26m] thought I was clean enough after a night out and my boyfriend at the time grabbed the lube and started fucking me. I told him to pull out so I could get on top. We he did, a little bit of poo flung off the top of his dick and stuck to him. I was mortified. We both giggled about it as we showered off. Sex I came Redditors: What is your favorite dirty limerick?  Twas playing the Jolly Rancher game,

With a girl, I did not know her name.

I went down with a grin,

All the way to my chin,

And came away with clap of the tongue! There once was a man from Wakeen,  
Who invented a jack-off machine.  
On the 59th stroke,  
The damn thing broke,  
And turned his balls into cream. There once was a man from Nantucket,

Whose dick was so long, he could suck it.

He said with a grin 

As he wiped off his chin;

If my ear was a cunt, I would fuck it. If you could stop one event in history from happening what would it be, and what sort of butterfly affect would it have in today's world?  I would have not gotten hit in the head.

Everything would be great.   Talk me down man. The invention of gunpowder.

Wars are single duels between the greatest champions countries can produce, also more flame throwers. Wounded knee, maybe if it hadn't happened, the native Americans in that region would be in better situations.  It was so GD sad Adam and Eve meeting each other. The world would be so peaceful now. OP's parents ever meeting each other among recent events -- 9/11. What's the absolute worst food you've ever eaten?  An Israeli made chocolate Easter Bunny.

Yes, we should have known better. Vegemite

I don't understand how Australians eat this stuff. Lutefisk. I was made to believe that it was tilapia. False.

It was like when you grab a glass of what you think is milk, but when you drink it someone pops out of nowhere and teabags your face Cuttlefish

Don't understand how this is even sold as a food item. Durian Cheerios w/Diet 7-up.

Was living with diet-restricted grandparents, wanted a bowl of cheerios and couldn't stomach eating it dry again.  Choice of water or Diet 7-up, took the latter.  Fucking awful.  There is no feeling like eating cereal while carbonation fizzes through your nose and down your throat as you gag.

2nd place was Cheerios w/Natty Light.  Was in college, on a tight budget.  Logic said that we got more volume for the money by buying a 12 of Natty Light as opposed to milk.  Plus you (eventually) get drunk.  Also terrible, but tolerable if already buzzed. Rocky Mountain Oysters Mine would have to be the jelly beans with the double flavors.  I got a skunk flavored one and almost threw up.  What makes it worse is the flavor didn't go away for a while, so the suffering continued. Lay's Gyro kettle chips. Tripe soup. Went to a kabob house restaurant and asked the waitress what was her favorite dish on the menu. She gushed about the tripe soup so I ordered it. I have no words for how disgusting it was. Doritos chicken. Gf at the time had a cookbook with the recipe in it. We both like Doritos and chicken so it sounded good. We ended up with a soggy mess of awfulness. It was terrible and sad :( Fermented shark meat. Absolutely horrid. Nattou.

I get how you could acquire a taste for it, but, too little too late for this gaijin. A Sea-Salt Caramel flavored cake. 

Except the baker forgot to add caramel. So.... African prepared tripe that didn't seemed to be cleaned properly after being cooked after losing a bet. chitlins (chitterlings). older black folks (everyone in my family that's older than me in my family, really) seem to love them. i tried them and they were just simply unenjoyable. i can't really recount the taste, but i just remember almost being offended that anyone would enjoy it. Spoiled milk.

Y'all are listing some pretty freaky stuff.  But really, someone somewhere *likes* durian, or balut.

No one has **ever** enjoyed the feeling of reaching for milk at 2am, then the horrible realization that you've already swallowed 2 or 3 mouthfuls before realizing that it was chunky and sour!

...and the taste doesn't go away, even after you've finished dry-heaving into the sink. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kombucha - my taste buds could only say "wtf". Mongolian Boodog. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mongolian_cuisine Pickled broccoli.

My great grandmother had us eat it as kids down South. She was depression-era thrifty so everything possible was grown at home and got preserved/canned/jarred/saved in a variety of ways.

It was revolting then, and it's revolting now. But of course due to food culture being what it is these days you can find 10,000 recipes for it online, probably touting its 'health benefits.' Just eat broccoli. My father's stir fries.

I now know what a stir fry is. It's a delicious combination of sauces, some veggies and a protein.

Growing up, it was code for "leftovers about to turn so we should eat them". A stir fry in my house could be noodles, broccoli and tofu with soy sauce. Or it could just as likely be scrambled eggs, pizza leftovers and some borscht (beet soup) with soy sauce to mix the flavors. Anyone ever had sea urchin wrapped in seaweed?  That. caviar, we were at a posh dinner thing and they served it, it was disgusting, I had to spit it out into my napkin, the other guests weren't very impresssed with me... One time while with my Aunt in her car, she gave me a piece a certain type of dark chocolate. I don't remember the brand, but it felt like my mouth was on fire and losing its taste at the same time. I had it in my mouth until I spit it in the trash at her house. Cream of wheat. I just can't stand that shit. Canned pineapple. Durian Candy. No matter how much people defend the that Durian is a really good fruit, I will never appreciate its taste, much less in candy form. bleh Surstr?mming

ew A Sub lathered in mayo, then fried and topped with cold meatballs I was in Pueblo, Colorado. Already I should have know; Satan doesn't visit here.

menudo at a little Mexican restaurant. Normally I love menudo. I've heard people call it "foot stew" because of the smell, but I like it.

This was hands down the worst menudo I had ever tasted and the worst food I'd ever had to choke down. Chowder fuck that shit Uni. I tried it once because it was on the menu and I thought "why not?" I suppose it is entirely possible that what I had just wasn't done well, but that was the foulest thing (with regards to both taste and texture) I've ever had. You should see the shit that I cook. Many years ago - a fried banana from a small storefront vendor in a highly populated NJ city.  I suffered the consequences later that night.   It was only later that I learned it was actually a front for drug dealers and no one ever bought food from them at 2AM. Have to say this here because I can't express elsewhere. My mother-in-law's cooking. I got the stomach flu and she wanted to take care of me and so she boiled me "white fish" and noodles with no salt, sauce anything and the fish was so fishy. It went on for days! She is strong willed and I am a little more on the meek side... I snuck out and went downtown and ate a giant kebab and came back pretending I was sick and could eat. Lost 6 pounds that week! Raw cow tongue. Something about the tastebud on tastebud action was disturbing Either meatloaf or banana ice cream. I once ordered some a appetizer that was beef and sounded fancy.

What I got was a slab of raw meat.

[This was pretty much my experience](https://youtu.be/KYXSVeW0Rk4?t=12m52s) Chitlins  (Pig Intestines) Pig's Blood.  It's basically a scab brownie with some rice in there for support.  It is bad.  
  
Honorable mentions:  
Partially fried oysters  
Pig Liver  
Cow Stomach It's either fish blood or my grandmothers chicken goulash Easy answer, the Double Down from KFC. Haggis. Just ... why? I mixed milk with water once. It was actually kinda gross cus it was room temperature Hospital food. That one d?ner kebab place I went to that one time because my favorite one was closed. A day old McDonald's fries. Sea urchin, my friend got me to try it when we were out for sushi, it was fucking awful. Two items tied for top, Balut and Thousand Year Old Egg.

I am the kind of person that will try anything at least twice.  You know, just in case the first time you had it it wasn't made right or something.

Due to this, I have tried a lot of unique cuisines.  From the relatively tame, snake soups, fried grasshoppers, live worms, goat testes etc to the bit more adventurous, surstromming, ortolan, kopi luwak, and the cheese with maggots (I forgot what it is called) for example.

But Balut and the 1k egg?  I am never touching again.

The texture is just wrong.  The taste and smell is, for lack of better word, offensive.  There is no redeeming quality to either one of these items in my personal opinion.  I have seen people eat both with vigor and delight - but I just could not palate it. Aspic in Berlin. Basically flavorless cold meat gelatin with chunks of ham floating in it.

*gags* Radioactive scrambled eggs. Uni.  Especially frozen and thawed.  
Also Tres Leches Cake, tastes like soggy salad croutons with some sugar in it. This one Durum Kebab I bought. Took one bite, almost threw it out, took one more bite, then threw it out and almost vomitted.  
Worst durum ever Horseradish. I just can't even describe the yuck, I could feel it in my bones. Durian milkshake. It was like putting  turpentine, rotten grilled onion and diarrhea into blender with a scoop of ice cream. One morning my dad made my brothers and I pancakes. These pancakes were kind of flat and almost had a sour twinge to them. Turns out, we didn't have any eggs to add to the batter. However, he had heard that in some recipes mayonnaise can be used as an egg substitute. 

So yeah. Dad used mayonnaise instead of eggs in the pancakes he made for us. Worst idea ever. Well, mom tried to make her own alfredo sauce once and it didn't go exactly how she planned. It smelled like my feet after going on a very long run. And while the finished dish didn't taste entirely unlike shrimp alfredo it seemed as though someone has already eaten it and vomited up the partially digest remains onto my plate. Me and my mother both ate it anyway, because we don't like wasting food, but we agreed it was the worst thing she ever made. Cream spinach Water chestnuts Liver and kidneys probably. 

These are the organs that filter all the poisons out of your blood. That can't be healthy, why would you eat that? Friend rolled a "Critical Fail" at a local bar and received a shot of tequila with tabasco sauce. I drank it for her because I'm a fundamentally good person and, oh god, I've never felt so ill. Celery. Shit tried to kill me. (I'm allergic to it.) My seven-year-old self says beef liver.  I was required to try it and I managed by drowning it in mashed potatoes.  On my birthday we got a dog and my troubles were over, he loved liver.  I've never eaten beef liver since. JuJu Fruits and/or Licorice. I don't remember. Brussel Sprouts.  That stuff makes me gag so bad.  Couldn't eat it even if I wanted to. Mushrooms, not for me. Those unmarked strawberry candies that come in a wrapper that looks like a strawberry. mexican candy, the chile powder on weird tasting lollipops.

I lvoe heat and chile powder but those candies are horrible. Balut Anchor Steam beer, one swig and I spit it out. Freshman year I had to survive for a few weeks off frozen meals. I could feel the cancer developing. Unsalted food. Chef Boyardee ravioli. tofu Seaweed We were at this Dim Sum Chinese restaurant and one of the dishes on the menu said "chicken feet." So naturally me and my brother were curious and decided to order it. Sure enough they bring out a plate of chicken feet that was like boiled or something. They didn't even bread it or anything it was just chicken feet with the claw and everything. I took a bite because my brother dared me to and all I remember saying was "yup... That's a chicken's foot alright." Then proceeded to spit it out in a napkin. It was all boney and rubbery and tasted like a boiled chicken's foot. 1/10 would try chicken feet again. Not the worst in terms of taste or texture but pure intensity.

Thai food in Portland, Oregon. I forgot the name but I went there after all the hype about it being super authentic and Anthony Bourdain's favorite spot. Not knowing much about Thai dish other than curries and noodle dishes, I ordered something I haven't heard of. It was the spiciest thing I ever consumed. Each bite of whatever the hell it was required 3 spoonful of rice. My coworkers felt so bad that they all chipped in their own food to me. Hot and sour soup tastes like what I imagine chewing on a cow's ass would taste like. Vietnamese Pickled Radish. I dry retched a few times!

I also had some really shit patatas bravas on holiday recently, which counts are the worst restaurant food I've ever eaten. McDonalds cheese. it is so god damn disgusting. What are some common misconceptions believed to be fact?  Many people believe 'evolution' means that one day a monkey gave birth to an ape who eventually gave birth to a hairless ape who eventually gave birth to a human. 


Evolution is actually not nearly that clear cut at all. If you tried to find out when, say, chickens first began coming out of eggs instead of some other bird, you would not be able to find it. Evolution is slow. Very very slow. 

As an example: try pointing to the exact spot where grains of sand stacked together becomes a hill. You really can't. Now imagine that each grain of sand is an evolutionary change Deoxygenated blood is blue. You do not [only use 10% of your brain.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ten_percent_of_the_brain_myth)

You use all of it. Well, maybe if you believe that myth you don't. Carrots improve night vision. The dark side of the moon is in the Earth's shadow. The sun is yellow You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar

Its an idiom. An old proverb.  In fact, you don't. Humans only have 5 senses. You have the right to your opinion being heard. You lose 90% of your body heat through your head. That GMOs are horrible for you. They're actually not. Genetically modified crops are why drought prone areas of Africa can more safely use cassava as a staple food. They're the reason millions upon millions of people don't die of starvation. The man that developed dwarf wheat (can't remember his name) won the Nobel Peace Prize in the 70s because his development saved the lives of a billion people. That "the customer is always right"

The customer is rarely ever right.  That sentiment originally referred to market trends and supplying what the general population proved they were willing to buy.  Now people seem to think it means they can storm in a demand whatever they want or just be awful in general and get away with it. That Trump the Narcissistic Chump will be president. Ain't happening peeps. Dear parents of Reddit, why do you not want your children to play online games?  They don't want them feeding, obviously. I let them play kids online games, don't want them anywhere near adult orientated games. I remember how I was when I played online games, wouldn't want them talking to "video game me" ever! There are some online games that I let my 6-year-old son play without any issues, but plenty of others I'd never let him near.

Examples:

* Splatoon - targeted at kids, hard to exploit, has a ranking system that works pretty well and no voice chat.  He plays this one all the time.
* Anything labeled M - not going to happen for the foreseeable future, and when I do eventually let him start playing them, it'll be without a headset for a while.  The last thing I need is for him to get in the habit of talking about fucking people's moms. What random things can you get certified for over the Internet?  Certified to become an Ordained Minister What are some good games to play while at the beach?  Dead or Alive Extreme... whatever they're at now. Super immersive experience man. Frizbee, volleyball Hide and seek. ( ?? ?? ??) The 'how big can a hole can you dig before your hands hurt' game. Try building a sandcastle close to the water line and do your best to keep it from disintegrating. That's what I do. You are asked to design a game that subtly drives somebody to the brink of insanity. What do you create?  Stairs.

just a dark staircase going down further and further with hardly any light with creepy ambiance.

you just keep going further and further and every so often a jumpscare.

the mind is your worst enemy. Recreate their life going into a downslope of failure! A game that utilizes any attached devices like cameras and microphones. A monster that listens for the player and can stare him/her in the face when approaching. Something like this

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsn25WHbLc4 It looks like you can beat it, but it's actually subtly impossible. Thousands of hardcore gamers will bust their balls over it. The game... If you had to write the song "Memes Didn't Start the Fire" using Reddit stories/memes, what would your lyrics include?  [Serious]My friends, how can a man in a lot of debt with almost no original ideas make money?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* You should probably check out personalfinance, but honestly there are no "shortcuts" to wealth.

Get a job. Save for retirement. Sorry, that's how the world works. A friend of mine invested in a set of stencils and some paint and offered to paint house numbers on the curb in front of people's houses for $40 each. It got him through some tough times. The same way that the majority of people do, get a job. develop skills and work hard. among those skills should be critical and non-linear thinking, to help with creativity. I also recommend that if you don't currently,  begin reading regularly.  it's one of the easiest ways to "learn" how to be creative. 

also, don't discount your ideas. what you might think of as unoriginal might be brand new to someone else, or you might be better suited to optimizing processes rather than developing new processes. How would the world be different if the size of a clothed man's penis were as easily discernible as the size of a clothed woman's breasts?  Push-up briefs would definitely be a thing. You'd know who had lots of money, or long tongues quite easily. Guys would wear shirts saying "I'm a grower not a show-er" Get ready for the return of the [codpiece](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/1c/93/25/1c93254c7e195259ec2768f5fc9f397f.jpg) A good push-up bra will screw with your perception of what their breast size is. Just saying. I would never get laid. Oh wait... All men might search on Internet: "how to reduce the size of his penis" Padded briefs. Discrimination against men and women with bigger parts would rise causing entrepreneurs to see an opportunity in breast and penis size reduction surgery. As more surgeons go into this field and surgeries pop up everywhere, the need to advertise reduction surgery increases, causing an increasing stigma attached to having bigger human bits. At this point, North Korea booms with an increase in oversees tourists getting cheaper plastic surgery and comedic movies are made to promote people with smaller body parts. This results in a flood internet memes labeling society with bigger body parts as unevolved and barbaric. Bullying in high schools increase, causing high suicide rates and redditors of bigger parts to form a subreddit shit-talking about people with petite-size body parts - leaving a conflict between these two groups within every discussion on reddit. South Korea - being the leader of plastic surgery, booms and soon every country has it's own Korean-branded plastic surgery as popular as MacDonalds. Having surgery is the norm, whilst people with naturally smaller bits are revered and worshiped. At the same time that some post-pubescent teen is getting beat up by pre-pubescent teens in a backward high school, South Korea is stocking up it's nuclear arsenal from all their profit and to protect a dark secret from the outside world. Every anti-nuclear country feels uncomfortable at South Korea's increasing power. A list of countries form a meeting and plan South Korea's demise. This list of countries call themselves CAPS(countries against plastic surgeries). CAPS become the modern day illuminati. Presidents forming CAPS plan a number of incidents within their countries that revolve around plastic surgeries to deter people from pumping their money into South Korea. A popular singer is murdered by CAPS and it is made public that she tragically died from a botched reduction surgery. A fake study, secretly funded by CAPS, deems men who have had reduction surgery to have been more susceptible to ED at a younger age and a number of interviews are done with women of partners of naturally bigger penises, stating how much pleasure they receive. A number of high schools/homes/public places are shot up by bullied people with bigger bits as a revenge to the world, and this causes a stir in the media. An islamic terrorist group, funded by CAPS, is formed and deems any man or women that has had surgery, a sin and must be taxed, exported or executed. Popular magazines write about this. VICE makes a documentary on the underground plastic surgery scene, naming it "The basement surgeons of North Korea" and it's awesome. Campaigns form, people protest, Ellen DeGeneris is behind this. Kanye West sees through this bullshit. A scandal in North Korea unfolds of children part of a human trafficking ring being forced to undergo plastic surgery. It's North Koreas dark secret. Hatred toward the country grows until a president of a powerful country declares war and invades North Korea in an effort to save these children, with the ulterior motive to gain possession over North Korea's weapons. North Korea loses, humanity loses and ultimately, men and women with bigger body parts lose... It's a sad day for humanity. This would not have happened if god made us all with equal-sized parts. God loses. Apparently, mine is.  So I've heard.  Anyway, it's really embarrassing. I might get laid more. I'd be very single. a much more barbaric work environment Tuxedos would have nut cleavage just like prom dresses with breast cleavage. the classic phrase of "my eyes are up here " would be said by men a lot more. Guys with tiny dicks would wear pants that said "juicy". I would finally know why people were pointing and laughing at me. What used to be a luxury good but now thankfully isn't?  Toilet paper. Indoor plumbing. Meat. I need them proteins. Ice cream and chocolate! Salt Mirrors. Pineapples Mine is music What did you post online as a kid but deeply regret now you are an adult?  My penis. When facebook first started, you could create groups.  I created a group that was mildly provocative but had a huge following. I was asked about it during my law school admission's interview. Everything. Art. All of it. My Bebo was a pretty massive trainwreck.  Fortunately nobody uses Bebo any more.

I'm just generally happy I was born a little too early to grow up on the internet.  Like, I didn't really pay it much mind until I was already 14, I didn't get my own laptop until I was 18, and my phone camera was absolute trash so I couldn't do anything too embarrassing.  

Also, Twitter and Instagram didn't appear until I was too old to do something really stupid with them. Pretty much everything on MySpace Maaaybe when I had a youtube channel. I had around 100-ish subs when I stopped.. it just got boring. It was a waste, I think, and showed me some negative parts of the internet. What are the best "get to know you" questions to ask on a first date?  What is a "perfect" day for you?

If you could have a meal with anyone ever who would it be and why? Just a moment thing, conversation just flows, you cant prepare... Felons of Reddit, what's your story?  Professor moms (at R1, R2, SLAC, or community college), what is/was your typical day like as an assistant professor and a mom with young children?  If you could change anything about the world, what would you change?  Only I would be allowed to have guns. If I could change something about the world and if I could have my own world, I want the power grid to supply mains power with DC instead of AC.

In the centre of a large city, some large battery (Aquion salt-water non-toxic, environmentally friendly 48V batteries) and capacitor banks (Maxwell's ultracapacitors) connected in parallel to a charge controller, which is connected in parallel to some solar panels, wind turbines and other sources of renewable energy.

All generation of power have to be from a sustainable, renewable and non-toxic source with at least carbon footprints as possible.

Appropriate DC safety fuses maybe added at this power plant.

Abbreviation notice: V = volts

The DC power is then stepped up from lower voltages off the battery (at least 48 volts or perhaps up to 600 volts from the battery/capacitor banks) to 60 kV DC (HVDC transmission) using a switched-mode power supply and transmitted around the city through underground properly-rated wires. The connectors have to inhibit corona discharges as much as possible to reduce power losses. The HVDC transmission will consist of 2 wires driven underground of these voltages: 60kV, 0V (ground). The 0V is driven to earth ground.

Where it is needed to step-down the power to consumer-size, a distribution switched-mode power supply steps down 60kV DC from the underground transmission cables to three wires of three different potentials: +60V, 0V (ground), -60V. The 0V is driven to earth ground.

The input and output of the switched-mode power supply in an outdoor enclosure is fused with an appropriate DC safety fuse.

These three wires are transferred to where the mains power is needed: in the house, or anything.

Residents and industries have the same three wire configuration: +60V, 0V, -60V. Everyone gets equal power.
The configuration of the outlet inside the residences **must have** a ground connection for user safety.

The outlets and plugs will have 4 holes/pins arranged asymmetrically with an internal fuse, the 4 holes/pins are: +60V, 0V, -60V, Earth (0V). The earth is basically chasis ground for user safety. 60 volts DC is quite low in potential, but safety is the key priority here.

All breakers in residences' breaker/fuse box **must** be DC rated and able to interrupt DC power and extinguishing any arcs in a controlled manner. All arc flashes must be inhibited by the system itself. Fuses are required. Ground fault interrupter is required. Standards must be strictly followed. What is the most delicious food you ever had?  Fresh trout caught in the mountains on a camping trip, with potatoes cooked in the fish oils. Honey glazed salmon, and lobster. Also, macaroni and cheese. Rice Fried eggplant slices in thin garlic sauce. Ensalada del Pulpo, small dock-side bar in Cadiz. Been chasing it's successor for 30 years... Dry aged ribeye steak I bought from a local butcher. Also that best burgers I've ever made used grass fed beef from the same butcher. Haha, yea! OP's mom What's your best drug/fucked up story?  Once was pissed at a bonfire party , kept my doobies in an empty cigarette package , killed a deck of real smokes and threw the deck of doobs into the fire by mistake.

Edit : doobies weren't all *mine* I have been fucked up way more than this story but this sticks out the most;


My weed dealer went to my place witj his friend and their bicycle. So we decided to get really stoned and just roll around the city. 


It was around 2am and out of nowhere we realized we were surrounded by at least (not exaggerating) 30 cops and patrols (the place was a very touristic place) .


My dealer had his backpack with him with around 2 ounces of weed. One of the cops was talking on radio saying stuff like "we have the suspects" then he proceed to ask where we have been and waht were we doing around there.


So we were totally frozen, and barwly understanding what was happening the cop stopped and said " oh sorry guys, you see, some tourist got robbed some mins ago and in his description he said it was 3 guys with bikes but now they informed me that they just caught them, we are sorry"


We got the fuck outta there I was at the Vancouver Olympics in 2010.  They converted the Science Centre to the Russia House.  

I got *really really* high after an all nighter.  I was super fucked up, like... one of those episodes bordering on paranoia.  

I ended up talking to a hologram when I entered the building and asked her where the washroom was. I hit on my nurse, not caring I was having the side of my head sowed shut again. Too high on Morphine to care. The cut was massive, too. Had brain surgery. My friend and I were walking through the woods whilst considerably high on the pots. We were on our way out because the sun was setting. 

Mid-conversation we hear some rustling in the brush pretty far away, but close enough for discomfort. I look back and through the leaves I make out a low-profile, jet black figure (probably someone's dog) roughly half of a football field away. Immediately, I turn to my friend Brian and say "Brian, run!" Without question, he takes off with me on a sprint. 

It is important to note that we are on a winding, uphill path. As we frantically dodge branches and jump over fallen logs, I look back and notice that the figure is only getting closer. I was puzzled as to how it could move through the woods so quickly. I then had a terrifying realization. 

"BRIAN! DOGS DONT CARE ABOUT TRAILS!"

As it was traveling A-to-B, coming right for us, we kicked the speed up another notch. Up about 30 yards ahead, we see two guys walking our direction down the trail. Immediately, our concern shifted from "Avoid the beast chasing us" to "Don't look weird in front of these two strangers". 

As we round the corner, I say, "Be cool." Switching immediately from a dead sprint to a calm walk, Brian and I shoot the two guys a nod and a "How's it going?"

About 5 minutes later walking down the trail, it hits me. "Holy shit, Brian. We didn't tell them about the thing that was chasing us!" Seeing as we had heard no screams coming from behind us, and erupted with laughter while still mildly paranoid about the "beast". 

We never saw the figure again, nor did we see those two kids. Hopefully they finished there walk/probable smoke sesh. After getting drunk, a few of my friends, my brother and myself had to eat. Denny's was open at 4:00 AM, so that's where we went. There was a couple already there sitting at a booth on the same side next to our table. They were really fucked up. We thought they were drunk too, but then we noticed both of them nodding. my brother gets up, walks to their booth, and slams their table with his fist. All you can hear was BOOM and silverware clanging. The couple didn't even flinch. Now we're all waiting for our food to come out, when their food comes out. Again, my brother walks over, sits down and starts to eat. When our order came out a few minutes later, he came back to our table with their food. What song never fails to make you happy when you're having a bad day?  Fack - eminem Never gonna give you up Left Hand Free - Alt-J Raindrops keeping falling on my head Kinda depressing song but The Freshmen always makes me feel good inside. Madeon - You're On

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xp0NOjZlNlo Happy as Fuck by Mod Sun. It's stupid and catchy and makes me smile every time. When was a time that you should've had insurance; but didn't? What happened as a result?  Burned down the whole wooden balcony on my third-story apartment. Didn't have ($10/mo) renters insurance. Received a bill for $10,000. Finally paid it off a few weeks ago..


edit: I thought I put my cigarette out. Now. Nothing. I am in great shape and i have more money in my wallet. I have health insurance but it's the cheapest one my work offers. I hit my $3k deductible this year because of some minor dizziness. They kept wanting to run all these expensive tests and shit. I didn't have pet insurance the first year I had my dog. She ended up getting sick a couple  times and cost a few hundred in vet bills that I had to pay out of pocket.

Since I bought insurance last year, I haven't had any issues. Go figure. Redditors, what are your redditing habits?  My reading habits don't exist, because I have none. Unless reading faceook and reddit posts all day count. Lurking, lurking, and lurking 45 minutes of /r/askreddit in the morning, 9 hours of work, then 6 hours of /r/gonewild. I'll look at my customized front page for a bit, then any subreddits that are topical (Monday after a Game of Thrones episode, new Star Wars new dropped, etc.). If I run out of things, before I go to each subscribed subreddit I'll check AskReddit (which I'm not subscribed to) and then maybe r/funny. Back and forth between porn subreddits, askreddit, and pcmasterrace at work....then porn subreddits all night till I pass out. Closing and then re-opening Reddit 2 minutes later You decide to decorate your house "reddit" themed. What does it look like?  http://i.imgur.com/ecn3IQd.jpg basic decor: people call it shit and pointless.

someone else does it the same the next day: masterpiece! Standard brick shit house. Crackhouse. Pepe wallpaper There would be a room full of memes and dog pictures, another full of porn, and an extensive library full of other peoples' bizarre stories. What do you want but will probably never have?  To see the Earth from Space.  I don't have the education to become an astronaut and I doubt affordable space travel in our lifetime is all that likely (at least, as far as my wallet is concerned).  Possible, I guess, but unlikely. This is probably a really depressing answer, but it's something I've been working on a lot in the recent years. I want to one day be able to go to bed content with my life and wake up the next morning feeling happy and fulfilled. Not to say I'm depressed or anything considering I haven't been diagnosed, but I haven't felt genuinely or even moderately happy in a very long time. $1 million dollars and an Olympic sized swimming pool filled with skittles Enough money to make going to work optional. My own private chef. Anne Hathaway. A house. I can't wait to be done with landlords, neighbors that share walls, and not being allowed to plant stuff in the yard without checking with 20 other people first. I want to have a workshop area in a garage. I want to have storage space. 

:/ Probably won't ever happen for us. An understanding of what happens after death. What happens in the afterlife. I want to know what happens in 500+ years. Are we all toast? Did we learn anything from the time I was alive? Does L.A. Woman still stand up 544+ years from release? Happiness Answers to all the important questions. Parents I would like the opportunity to have a real chance at a relationship with my ex as adults with no complications. For that to happen she would have to be free of the mental and emotional cage her current boyfriend has spent years building. She left him a number of times and we sometimes get together and have a whirlwind time. But she can't ever seem to get away from him forever. He always drags her back.

Besides that, I'd like to write just one book that someone in the world remembers randomly for the rest of their life. I want to write something that stands out in someones mind, something that even one person can fall in love with. It probably wont happen, but I am gonna try for it anyway. A moderately sized house in the countryside in England. The house I've been designing for almost 6 years. Started when I was 15, with a pretty simple design. Over the years it's grown and evolved into my dream home suited for the family for 6+ that I have also always wanted. It's perfect in every way, but I will need to strike some gold in order to make that dream a reality. A really hot car. I love sexy cars so much, but I'm too cheap to invest in one. A job at Google. Powerball winning numbers A warlord titan. I really want to paint one, too expensive for me.

https://www.forgeworld.co.uk/en-FR/Warlord-Titan-Builder?_requestid=2530973 The sensation of having a vagina. Reddit gold A Dodge Viper I always say that I don't want much in life. Just to be rich and powerful beyond my wildest dreams. Is that too much to ask? 10 million dollars. Enough money to never have to worry about money. retirement a home that I own A Morgan Aero.   https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=OR6lwpfte9Q Widespread recognition for my art. It's a pipe dream and I've been trying to work for more exposure but it's slow going due to the part of Canada I'm in. I have to work two jobs I absolutely hate because I can't afford to move out of my city to find better work. So my art is relegated to an evening hobby.

So while we are at it: enough money to safely pursue my art as a full time endeavour. I hate working jobs I don't like purely for the sake of money. A run down Georgian town house and the money and time to renovate it to its former glory. More time.

I want to go back and change things to have more time, not because of regrets but just wanting more time in a different state of mind, more time doing certain things, more time with him, more time with family. Or somehow rearrange my future so I have more time for all of that rather than it getting sucked up by work, sleep or responsibilities I can't avoid/ignore. A home and a family. A Tesla Model S.

I mean, I have a 15 minute bike commute to work. It's not like I need a car. But man, those things are sweet. Real love. Also immortality. A full mod klx110 with a big ole stroker crank  a 170-ish cc big bore kit and a butt load more motor work. Inverted forks, aluminum-alloy frame, hydraulic clutch and all of the other bells and whistles. It would probably be around a 10 or 12 thousand dollar bike, which I will never have. A solid gold house and a rocket car. A million dollars in my checking account Freedom I *really* want to be able to play [Chopin's Ballade in G minor](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ce8p0VcTbuA). I studied classical piano at uni, and while I was definitely not one of the best in my year, I was progressing at a rate I was really happy with. After graduation, I realized that a career as a session musician, playing muzak on cruise ships, or being in a shitty no-name band really weren't excellent career options. Most of my year went on to teach. Instead, I'm now studying computer science in the hopes of working as a software engineer at some point in the future. This new focus + a wrist injury mean that I'm fairly unlikely to ever be able to do this piece of music justice. A decent fucking job :(

(Sorry. Bad day) A Porsche 911 Turbo A hot tub is my carrot-on-a-stick.  Except my wife keeps throwing different carrots out there much closer, and those keep getting in my way. A fish tank so big I could swim in it.  Then I'd put 1000 neon tetras in there and just sit back and watch them swim. The set from the original "American Gladiators." The "Eliminator," the side games, etc. All of it. Home ownership Yes, most of us won't become milliners, so I'd everyone would stop typing something that includes a lot of money that would be great... And to answer OP's question - become famous Her :( A bitchin pimp van for road trips. Videos of dreams. A pinball machine. To be drafted into the NBA A burger that looks like it does in the commercial. Her.

Doesn't matter who the "her" is. "Her", in this case refers to any girl who may love me and make me happy. A healthy BMI, Good Credit, A partner I'm head over heels for. A sweater wearing girlfriend At the rate I'm going, love. /r/ifiwonthelottery Children. I really just have no time for them at all, and I'm waiting and waiting for the paternal instinct to kick in, but my lack of patience with toddlers and babies is just growing whereas my future in a world with no kids and a career / partner only is more and more appealing. I just hope i can find a partner who feels the same. Children. I really just have no time for them at all, and I'm waiting and waiting for the paternal instinct to kick in, but my lack of patience with toddlers and babies is just growing whereas my future in a world with no kids and a career / partner only is more and more appealing. I just hope i can find a partner who feels the same. A house with a lake/seaview. An apartment would suffice as well if the neighbours would be non-smokers and quiet. But they never are :( A vagina. Happiness, because I grew up lower-middle class in America and will forever be crushed by my debts I really want to see any of my favorite bands live, but none come anywhere near my country. A girlfriend for every day of the week. A blowjob from Keri Hilson To not be terrified of how I'm going to manage to pay bills. [A Pagani Huayra](http://www.pagani.com/huayra/default.aspx) 

Probably less than a 1% chance I'll ever own one, but I can dream. A yacht. Financial security. T_T A horse-sized duck A jet ski. A boyfriend. A girlfriend I want to fly into a stadium covered end-to-end with naked redheads, on a hang-glider and wearing a crotchless Uncle Sam costume. Monkey butler. An extra lifetime Enough money The ability to enjoy life and not have to work a shit job. Free plane tickets to anywhere and back. Scarlett Johansson. Reddit gold A threesome. I had a chance back in college and didn't follow through on it. Now I feel that it will elude me forever. Three moneys Overwatch. Would love to give it a go but can't justify the price without having played it as I have had very mixed experiences with FPSs. Any non-smoker in a relationship with someone who is a smoker? If so, how do you feel about it and how do you deal with it?  My husband was a smoker when we were still dating. He wanted to quit so badly, was always embarrassed when he had to step out and smoke, and was constantly paranoid about the smell of his breath and his clothes. Coming from a long line of chain smokers, I was just sympathetic and supportive. I asked him if he wanted help quitting, and he gave me an emphatic YES, so I started to just.... not support him in it. 

He stopped carrying cigarettes with him and stopped buying them. Then anytime he would struggle and ask if we could stop at the gas station and just pick up one pack, I would just say "nope! You don't need it. I love you though!" and keep driving. Or if we were around people and someone offered him one, I would jump in and say "oh he quit! Right babe?" and he'd have to say out loud that yep, he quit smoking and didn't need one. 

Seemed harsh or controlling at times, but it's what he wanted and needed and I never forced it more than one comment. If I said no and he still picked up a pack, I didn't throw a fit or get frustrated. I would just say "damn, I hoped I had stopped you! :P You better brush your teeth before you kiss me!" and love him anyway. 

He hasn't smoked in a year and a half and is so grateful that he doesn't have to deal with it anymore. I guess i'll be the first to the party that is dating a smoker and isn't bothered by it at all, really. I never smoked, it's not like i like the smell or anything, either. I just like her a lot more than I dislike cigarettes. It's her vice, we all have them, and it's her prerogative if she wants to quit I was with a girl for a few months that smoked.  I would always have her brush her teeth before I made out with her.  I know that is slightly embarrassing, but I was hoping it was motivation for her to cut back.  She did finally quit... after we ended things. I am not in a relationship right now. She doesn't smoke inside the house, ever and never ever in my car. I don't like going anywhere in her car because it stinks. Her clothes stink, she needs to stay the fuck away from me after having a smoke. I hate it I am a smoker, my wife despises smoking (I have been trying to quit though), I always change my clothes before she gets home, brush my teeth very well, wash my hair/face/body, use mouthwash, use frebreeze in the house (because it lingers even if you smoke outside - I do not smoke in the house), close the windows when I go for a smoke so it does not get in the house, never smoke within an hour of seeing her at least, never smoke in public places etc...  She hates it, and I am trying but I have been smoking for 30+ years and it is not easy to quit. my mom told my dad she wouldn't marry him if he didn't quit. they're celebrating their 24th anniversary this summer. My girlfriend used to smoke, she quit of her own accord but I literally could not care less if somebody smokes, I like the smell personally. After making out with a girl who was a smoker, I could never do it. It was disgusting. I dated a smoker after I had quit for a few years. It was like kissing an ashtray. I told him he had to quit before moving in with me. He did (using pills), it was fine, and then he started again and hid it from me. He's got every excuse in the book about why he won't quit again. I can get him the patch for free through work and he wouldn't do it. He did try them, paying on his own, and didn't follow through. 

He doesn't do it around me and if I smell it when he gets home, I won't be around him until he changes clothes and brushes his teeth. I have no sympathy for him. He lied to me about it and I used to smoke, too, so I don't understand why he won't quit. He's got every resource and support available yet won't use them appropriately. It makes me angry. 

But otherwise he's a really great husband so I put up with it. I want him to be healthier, but let him quit on his own. I do not want him to smoke past 30. I give him the space to cut down and not nag him about it because I married him as a smoker. 

No smoking in the house or car. Wash hands when you come in from smoking. My boyfriend smokes and I do not, never have. I wish he would quit more for his health and wallet than anything else, but we're still young and I don't want to keep nagging him about it. He knows that eventually he'll have to quit. He has cut back quite a bit since we started dating (almost 4 years ago), so I consider that progress. He's not allowed to smoke in my car or in our apartment. I honestly thought that smoking would be a huge deal breaker for me, but it doesn't take away from the person he is or how he treats me, and that's a bigger deal to me than smoking a cig or two a day is. Who is the worst passenger you've sat next to on a plane?  I sat next to someone with pretty bad breath, and he fell asleep facing my direction with his mouth opened. So basically he was just blowing his toxic fumes in my face for the majority of the flight. I pretty much resorted to breathing through my mouth only to the point where my throat kinda hurts from being so dry. Not next to, but behind us. My wife and I took a trip to Italy last year and on the long leg between Atlanta and Rome two young teenage boys (probably 12 - 14) were behind us. They couldn't keep their hands off our seats (not sure why but I'd turn and they'd be standing up holding onto our seats) and kept kicking the backs. It's like they couldn't sit still. Their parents were up in First Class and would come check on them every few hours. I complained to the stewardess multiple times, but it didn't seem to do any good. Tried to sleep, but they kept waking me up. Fucking nightmare trip. Sat one row in front of her. She was a young teen who thought a kazoo made her unique; it was "her thing." It was a small connecting-flight plane, and we hit turbulence, which always freaks me out. So I'm clinging to my seat in this small plane that's slamming around in the air and she's behind me, blowing on this fucking kazoo. I wanted to jam it down her throat and listen to her suffocate to death through it.

*wheeze*

*wheeze*

*wheeeeeeeeee^eee^eeeze* A screaming toddler. Was the sweetest kid for the 2 hours we had to wait in the plane before take off. The second the plane/ pilots went full throttle he started screaming and didn't stop for the whole 4 hour flight. My twin brother. Asshole kept taking up all the armrest space. I once sat next to a very large woman. She fell asleep after takeoff and sleepfarted the entire flight. Because of her girth, I couldn't get past her to use the bathroom or get any fresh air, so I had to sit in the cloud of stink from Chicago all the way to Burbank. I sat next to a very pleasant person. We struck up a nice conversation about our tattoos. Everything was going great until our nationalities were brought up. She was from Australia and I'm from New Zealand. She instantly stopped talking to me and threw me contemptuous looks every now and then... I've traveled a lot for work. 

The people that stick out are all the silent stealth farters and the Asian lady that took off her shoes and socks and cut her toenails on our international flight. 

Bitch, you can't wait until you get where we're going? You have to fucking do that now? 

But like the pussy I am, I stared daggers and made passive aggressive sounds and didn't say shit. Keep in mind I have anxiety regarding small talk and strangers. Everything is awkward to me. So.. A morbidly obese man sits down next to me on a plane, looks at me for a few seconds and says "so looks like you got stuck sitting next to the fat guy on the plane!" And then waited for me to respond. Longest flight of my life Who did you learn how to swear from?  My father. Friends. DAD My grandmother on my mother's side. I rode a public school bus. By middle school I was stringing swear words together like Samuel L. Jackson. My dad for sure. Much to moms dismay. George motherfucking Carlin.  I swore casually and minimally before I started listening to his stuff, just the usual middle school hanging out stuff, but he's the one who made me realize it can be an artform. Blaine in third grade. South Park, you donkey-raping ass-master. What is an interesting hotline you know of?  Hotline Bling 1-866-ASTRALLOANS (Caged Pillows Network) 

1-719-26-OATES (Hall and Oates Emergency) The people at the suicide hotline are very nice. Gangster party hotline (you can really call it)- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cx1J2CzNnS8 A sex hotline you can get from a Nintendo game Grooms of Reddit, what did you give your groomsman as a gift?  I've been a groomsman more times than I'd like... every wedding was either cufflinks or flasks.

would have much preferred something practical like a nice bottle of liquor. I still haven't figured out what else to get my groomsman but part of it is a replica super bowl or world series championship ring. They are cheap but pretty cool if they are huge sports fans like mine. example-  http://www.aliexpress.com/item/Wholesale-Fashion-European-and-American-Replica-Ring-NFL-2008-Pittsburgh-Steelers-Super-Bowl-Championship-Ring-Statement/32361503756.html?ws_ab_test=searchweb201556_10,searchweb201602_5_10037_10017_405_404_10032_10040,searchweb201603_7&btsid=98f2ad49-776d-4f5d-a676-661bd23cdd84 I didn't. We had an agreement. We'll all do this for each other and we all know that nobody WANTS to do it. It's not an honor. It's a favor, which we eventually all returned. That's gift enough. Computer hardware. 

Sound cards, video cards, RAM.....kinda funny but people the guys loved it The times I've been a groomsmen I got a pocket knife and I got a pair of blue chuck taylors. The got personalized Louisville Slugger bats. I purchased their tuxedos.  Almost everyone looked amazing.  My wife had all the bride's maids dresses custom made.  

There was never a better looking wedding.  Pictures are amazing and everyone looked and felt great!

For the tuxedos it was about $2k.

My understanding from my friends who I was a grooms men for, they spent about $1,500 for something that would be lost or forgotten any ways.  I gave a gift that could be reused.

And we did reuse them.  For my parent's 50th anniversary. Health professionals of reddit, what can people in their twenties do to have better health / less health problems when they get older?  Take in less sugar, for example quit drinking soda pop.

Take in less sodium, so lower the fast food intake.


Do a little bit of working out at least,don't lead a stationary life style. 20 minutes a day is better then nothing.


Don't smoke, if you are- quit.

Don't drink excessively. Floss is probably a good one develop routine exercise habits

take good care of your teeth (brush, floss, schedule regular cleanings)

learn to cook healthy foods Eat less, exercise more, cut sugar, get 8 hours of sleep, brush your fucking teeth. Dr. here

Don't smoke. If you do, try to quit even if it takes a dozen+ tries.

Minimize or completely eliminate alcohol. Try to only average 1 drink per night or less. Never have more than 3 drinks at any one time.

Protect your skin from the sun starting now. One of the primary ways people visibly age is long term skin damage. Use longsleeve clothes, hats, sunglasses, and sunscreen constantly. Stay away from tanning beds they aren't much better.

get at least 30 minutes of moderate intensity exercise as many days per week as possible; every day if you can. It doesn't have to be anything more than a brisk walk, going hiking, riding your bike casually.

Don't "diet", make lasting lifestyle changes for what you eat. I recommend counting calories because I think it really helps with self control. Have smaller portion sizes, switch to diet sodas or water only, work in more vegetables, cook from scratch with fresh ingredients. Things like pasta and rice are deceptively high in calories, minimize as much as you can.

Get 8 hours of sleep every night. Sleeping well affects your mood, appetite, health, productivity, libido, and so many other things. It is more important than you might think.

Try to alleviate stress as much as possible. This is a tougher one, but long term stress can raise blood pressure leading to increased risk of heart disease or stroke. It obviously poorly affects your mood, sleep, and interpersonal relationships. Balanced life. Eat more natural foods and exercise frequently. I'm getting my degree in health science. One of the biggest things right now is preventative care. It's kind of like getting your oil changed when you are supposed to before your oil is sludgy in your car. That means doing you yearly physicals, getting vaccines, exercising, eating healthy, etc. I'm gonna come at you from a different angle:  Put some serious thought and financial effort into your retirement/end of life planning.

I just got out of the senior care industry, and for the poor and unprepared it's an absolute shitshow.  Unfortunately, a great deal of it is money driven.

If you're lucky, you'll have a caring family who will help you through the pains and troubles of your later years.  BUT YOU CANNOT COUNT ON THIS!  It is much more prudent to begin making preparations and setting aside savings and investments starting in your 20's to prepare for your (hopeful) eventual retirement.

The number of elderly persons I saw wither and die in sub-par nursing homes and AL's is part of the reason I got out of it. Definitely not going to western doctors is a good place to start.

And if you do refusing to take their goddamn drugs is a great idea. What jobs should robots replace?  McJobs. Wives Cashier jobs All of them except the arts. Aviation mechanics. anything that's physical I really think trucking jobs, and all driving jobs to a lesser extent. 

Even though I myself work in the industry, it's hard to deny the facts of autonomous vehicles being marginally safer. I live in the Chicago suburbs and frequently travel down both I-55 and I-65 for work. Both have seen crazy fatal accidents cause by trucks because of negligence. 

http://chicago.cbslocal.com/2014/08/07/fifth-person-dies-after-i-55-truck-crash/

That shit is crazy yo. And it's honestly scary how many people just drive aggressively, especially around trucks. Grocery shopping and delivery of ordered items. (We still shop online but the items are handled by robots).  Edited for clarity. Sex workers. Not mine! Only slightly off topic, this [talk by Alan Watts about Money and the increase of automation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryBUYB3F0NU) is what I think of whenever someone brings up robots taking people's jobs. Any jobs that they can. What was your favorite or worse dream you ever had?  I remember the first time I had what seemed like to be multiple chapters in a dream story.  
  
I started out on the moon, climbing lamp posts in low gravity to avoid zombies on the ground. Suddenly I remembered I could walk on the ground, but only places I poured Salt in.  
  
Suddenly I woke up in a small cave and was really cozy. I didn't want to leave but something kept banging on the walls so I had to crawl out. I found two cats, one black one pink, and suddenly Black Shadow from F-Zero came out of nowhere and stuck them in a blender and killed them.  
  
I was so shocked I started turning Super Sayian and destroyed everything around me. I woke up again at the side of my house wondering what just happened, and then I realized I was in a dream. I looked at my hands and everything around me started to go black.  
  
I woke up in my bed with my penis tingling, I think I had an orgasm during my sleep. So I just layed in my bed as the sensation slowly went away, and me hoping it would never end. Then I actually woke up. I can't ever remember my dreams for more than a few minutes.  It sucks. Me - "That was an awesome dream!", The wife - "What was it about?" Me - "Something about a boat? Maybe? I can't remember." I've had a lot of crazy dreams over the years.  Ever since I've been on Reddit, I've written down the ones I can remember.  For scariest dreams, I'd have to say it's between:

* [This one is the scariest I've had recently.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Dreams/comments/44w4jq/interpretaion_request_yesterday_i_had_a/) Literally the scariest dream I've had in years.
* [This one was scary too, but in a totally different way.](https://www.reddit.com/r/TodayIdreamed/comments/2fr406/today_i_dreamed_that_a_blackness_consumed_the/) The one thing that sticks with me the most about it is the screams.  Whenever I think about it, I can still hear them like I'm back on that boat.
*  [This one, which had a lot more a action in it.](https://www.reddit.com/r/TodayIdreamed/comments/2g42j1/i_had_a_very_intense_dream_last_nightthis_morning/) It was freaky at first, but then it was like out of some kind of action movie.  I never DID figure out what the whole deal with the puppies was? The year is 2020: What do you think will have changed for the better or worse worldwide?  I thought this was 2016. The US President....I fear the next one is really going to fuck things up.  S/He is either going to screw up the US and cause a "ripple" effect around the globe or S/He is going to royally fuck things up by sticking their hands into another country where we don't really belong and cause things to "ripple" around the globe.  Either way I'm not looking forward to the future from a political viewpoint! How did you embarrass yourself in front of an important person?  Bastardised conversation between me and the CFO and CEO of our company:

CFO: "Ok then, do you need to buy anything else?"

Me: "Well I was thinking about a lovely mahogany desk for myself."

*cue CFO and CEO looking at each other*

CFO: "Dantastic_, I really don't think purchasing a mahogany desk is the right move at this point."

Me: "Oh, it was just a joke. I thought I was being funny. . . But I guess. . . I guess I'm not that funny."

*cue silence*

Me: "Ok, moving on!"

**Cringe** Didn't embarrass myself, someone did it for us all. The other day I was on a color guard detail for a retirement ceremony. There was a two star admiral in attendance. 

We walked into the room, paraded and presented the colors, and all went perfectly. 

We are on our way out, and the exit has this overhang that the flags need to dip under. The guy holding the American flag apparently wasn't paying attention.

He doesn't bring it down to a low enough angle, and bangs the brass eagle on top of the pole into a few pipes. 

Once we fallout of ranks I turn to him with a "what the fuck" look on my face. He shrugs and says "no one was paying attention by then, we did good while we were up in front."

As if no one would have been alerted by the banging pipes. Luckily no one said anything to us afterwards but it was still embarrassing to fuck up like that in front of a flag officer. So, the place where I work has a Board of Directors that meets monthly, and all of the members belong to several committees that also meet monthly. In my role, I am responsible for attending meetings and taking the minutes. 

One of the committees meets at noon, so we always have lunch. One day, after completion of the lunchtime committee meeting, I sat at the table and finished typing the last bit of the minutes. My bosses were talking in the room. Once I finished what I was doing, I put the lid back on my plate, and started walking it to a counter in the room. Right as I stepped in front of my boss, the plate shifted, and I dropped it right in front of him. 

The tomato based soup sprayed all over his face, suit and tie. 

Yep. Expulse flatulence in some form of gas or liquidity matter. While working on a City Council campaign, I attended a meet and greet fundraiser for our candidate.  At said fundraiser I managed to both meet the mayor and unintentionally reveal his affair to most of the City Council and their top aides.

I no longer work in politics. Farted right before my boss came into my office. Could see his facial expression change when he "noticed". I'm cringing with all of you. We are in this together These are pretty lame so far. It's not like any of you tried to talk to Patti Smith about Humble Pie in an elevator. Fuck.  Like every time we hung out and other people were involved I was tripping on my own dick.  After the unveiling, and I knew who she was the first time, the people that she hung out with were heartless.
Some of the girls were sweet, but the young-men were awful. 
I really think people were jealous, because the only times I really had terrible problems it was partially because of other people.
The dirty tricks began.  Visene in the coffee, that whole prank.  Shitting oneself senseless while someone else chats up your girlfriend. 
Another time, someone stuck something else in my drink, and I threw up everywhere, all over her.  All over everywhere.  I was so violently ill so suddenly, it was all blamed on alcohol, but I remember the guys sitting at the table playing with a glass vial with a black-top.  After that night spent throwing up on everyone, making a total ass of myself with alcohol-drug reaction, it started to go down hill quickly. 

She wanted to show me how well she sang and I didn't see, I was too fucked up.  It was two nights later, something like that, when I finally showed back up to the coffee-shop, and by then it had happened.  The loss of grace. 

"Woe to him whom Ishtar had honoured! The fickle goddess treated her passing lovers cruelly, and the unhappy wretches usually paid dearly for the favours heaped on them. Animals, enslaved by love, lost their native vigour: they fell into traps laid by men or were domesticated by them. 'Thou has loved the lion, mighty in strength', says the hero Gilgamesh to Ishtar, 'and thou hast dug for him seven and seven pits! Thou hast loved the steed, proud in battle, and destined him for the halter, the goad and the whip.' [Serious] Those who have abandoned their dog on the side of the road, rather than take them to an animal shelter, why?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I would never dream of abandoning my dog but where I live it can get quite costly to give your dog to an animal shelter - up to a few hundred bucks depending on where you go What amusing stereotype do people in your non-English speaking nation hold about people in another non-English speaking nation?  What's your "perfect timing" story?  Was sitting at a stop sign. My car had a blown out exhaust and out of date tags. There was a cop in the oncoming lane looking at me like he was ready to write a ticket, he just knew. Right before we both went, some gal blows the cross traffic stop sign - her neon pink cell phone clearly visible in her hands, I look at the cop and point at her, and he had no choice but to do the right thing. Perfect timing. Meeting my husband. We met online. I had just joined the site, and his membership was due to expire the next day.  On that day, we both showed up in each other's "this person is perfect for you" kind of thing and we started chatting. We got married 2 months ago. <3 My friend moved to UK yesterday, just after Brexit. The exchange rate was crazy good! Lucky girl I was heading to the recycle center the other day and made every light. Never happened before. I once rented a big RV to take the family camping.  We were on a secondary mountain road in the southwest USA, and hadn't seen any civilization for an hour.  I rounded a curve doing about 50 MPH, and I hear a loud boom, followed by the accompanying flopping of a flat tire.    As I brake and pull to the side, there appears the first gas station I've seen in 100 miles, all alone in the middle of nowhere.  On top of that, there's a mountain of used tires for sale.  I just called the place I rented from, and handed the phone to the gas station manager.  I was out of there in 15 minutes without ever lifting a finger or spending a dime.  It was another 100 miles before we'd see the next gas station again.  Absolute perfect timing. My maths teacher told us this story about something that happened when he was in University.

Him and a friend were walking, approaching the top of a big staircase down into a large entrance area. His friend was talking about projecting ones voice when singing, and decided to demonstrate, using the beginning of the song about work and mining from Snow White.

I should probably mention that, at their university, there was a student with dwarfism. 

Who entered the doors at the bottom of the stairs, just as my teacher's friend belts out:

"*Hiiiiiii*...***HOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!***" I saw this thread right after it got posted, so I replied to it immediately and ended up having the top comment. Started college in 2004 when the economy and job market were doing OK. At the time, climate change was just starting to become a more hotly discussed topic and colleges had only just started introducing it into the curriculum. I decided to get into Forestry and Conservation as  a major since I could see a need for "green jobs" in the future. 

Graduated in late 2009 as the economy had gone tits up. While all of my classmates struggled to find work, the green jobs market was booming and I had plenty of work opportunities, from the Forest Service, logging companies, conservation groups, you name it. I've never had any issue finding work since college even as a formerly C student. 

Also, zero student debt since I did a CC/State School transfer and understood what was happening in regards to predatory student loan agencies prior to starting college.  All of my friends were getting $30k-$50k loans for college, the majority of which never graduated. Meanwhile, I lived cheap, worked part time and applied aggressively for any and all financial aid opportunities. I graduated with a couple grand in my pocked I coasted off of until I found a good job. Roasting 1200$ worth of venison for dinner service and prepping when I realize I haven't pulled them our of the oven yet and I was over cooking all of it to well done. Run Dow stairs In a full panic to find the dishwasher turned off the oven because it was making too much noise like an hour ago. 

Absolutely perfectly cooked venison. Dishie got a few free beers hat night. 

Phew ph It was a time when two perfect shows were on a once, and it let me prank my roommates.  
Story time: Rented a room an an Apt that already had two guys.  One had a large TV and sound system.  I had my own TV and Game systems.  They didn't want me messing with his wiring so I set mine up next to theirs.  This meant I could still watch/play something with headphones while they watched sports.  Now they were hyper conservative, change the channel if there was a girl in a bikini, sort of guys.  So I kept an eye on the TV programming schedules until I got the perfect storm.  I set both TVs to mute, but with the volume up.  Set my TV to Women's Tennis and theirs to a World's Strongest Man competition.  Unmuted both and flooded the Apartment with loud sustained man grunts and high sharp women's grunts.  The journey of emotions on their faces was priceless.  
They went from [this](https://i.imgur.com/L4d1fw6.jpg), to [this](http://i.imgur.com/u6N2PkZ.gif), and finally to [this](http://i.imgur.com/WEuzflE.gifv). Am I the only perv expecting a 'pulled out' story? Cmon... What something you didn't do but willingly took the blame for?  out at a bar, some dude was one quite a nice date with a pretty woman.

she went to the washroom and he let one rip (he obviously was holding it) polite way to say it was... it reeked.

she came back and i just openly said to the pair of them, "sorry i have an upset stomach" she glared pretty hard at me and he gave me a thank you nod.

he later slipped me cash for a drink and thanked me as they were leaving. Breaking a kids leg by pushing him down 30 stairs. At least people left me alone after that, and i got dairy queen that day. 9/11 Your mom What are the lessons people most often learn too late in life?  That your job wasn't nearly as important as you thought. That success and happiness have nothing to do with the size of your home or cost of your watch. That like friends, just because someone's family, doesn't mean they're meant to be a part of your life forever. That you should have taken way more time off. That career and stuff like that are only important for people. In a social way. And that your role in this life is to become the best peak of yourself , physically , artistically and culturally.


Thats why I quit my job, started working freelance which is less paid but gives me much more time for practicing and studying music, read books , leanr new skills and physical training . Pay future-you first. In 20 years you won't miss that new video game, but the $500 that grew from saving that money instead of spending it will come in very handy when you are older. 

Money not spent is like an investment that immediately pays a 100% dividend. Don't forget to blow the candles out before you go to sleep... Start with dating a shy girl. Confidence ask the pretty girls out will come later. Don't spend money trying to impress people, they are the wrong people to keep around you. [Serious] What is your most prized possession?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Don't really think I have one. I mean I guess my favorite possession is the gaming computer I built in a suitcase to take on the road with me but the things most important to me are not possessions. My wife and kids are far more important to me than any possession and make me happier also. Nothing I own would break my heart if it was gone. Things just aren't very important to me I guess My guitar My Cat My shoes. lots and lots of shoes. My favorite teddy bear. You are Tom Hanks in "Big." Your job is to conceptualize and make a presentation for a new toy for children. What are your ideas? What do kids need?  A shovel. To teach work ethic We've had so many deaths this year. With that in mind, who can you not believe is still alive?  Keith Richards. Charlie sheen as well as sheen from jimmy neutron. 
The mirror sheen off snakes 1911 is almost gone too. Noel Neill. The original Lois Lane is the television show Superman. She's 95 years old. During WWII Betty Grable was voted the No1 pin up poster girl. She was voted #2.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noel_Neill

https://www.bing.com/images/search?q=%20Noel%20Neill&qs=n&form=QBIR&pq=noel%20neill&sc=8-10&sp=-1&sk= Honestly, Trump. As many similar events of the Hitler era as there are, I'm surprised someone hasn't stopped him. Dick Cheney. North West...I figured with the amount of defective genetics involved, that child would have already drowned in an empty kiddie pool. Her majesty. There's roughly 250,000 deaths every day world wide. So yes, it's been quite a year! What is your favorite, English spoken but non-American show?  The Mighty Boosh. that shit is hillarious. Luther and/or Sherlock. I love almost everything done by the Australian comedian Chris Lilley. I was first introduced to him by Summer Heights High and have gone on to watch everything he has made. 

I wasn't the biggest fan of his show that focuses on Ja'mie but everything else is fantastic. Angry Boys will forever be one of my favorite comedies. MI5. Top Gear. Fuck the show from now on though. BBC really broke my heart ousting Clarkson. Can't wait to see what he, Hammond and May have in store for the future.

Barely watched the Reasonably Priced Car interviews, though. They were usually unbearable, sometimes cringeworthy. Blackadder! Coupling no doubt the funniest show the BBC has produced Short Poppies Ever created a white lie that got so out of control that you've just kept the story going for years? What was it?  Not me but my Mom. When we emigrated to the US in 1956 we were sponsored by a church deacon. Mom was embarrassed because she got married in June 1940, I was born in September same year. She convinced our sponsors that she got married in 1939. Kept it up for many years. Performers of Reddit, what's the worst gig you've ever played?  I was at this fancy neighborhood in a house. The owner called it "the secret cavern" . The bandas genre were mainly heavy metal, hard rock, punk grunge and my band that played blues rock and psychedelia.


We had a good performance but at some point in time the place went nuts. People pissing inside the house , shooting K in and outside the house, snorting coke and stuff like that, not to mention stupid drunken brawls between the assitants.


After a while the cops came, we got tje fuck outta there What books that are considered important and influential now would have never been published were they actually written today?  Mark Twain's *Huckleberry Finn*.  I don't think publishers would touch a purported children's book written by a white man that frequently uses the word "nigger." Mien kampf I Have No Mouth But I Must Scream.

Atlas Shrugged, maybe.

1986. You can get pretty much anything published by somebody, but that doesn't mean it will sell. So that being said, most "Early American Literature" is garbage which is famous only because there weren't many writers in this country in those days. The Bible. Anything by the Brontes imo, if 'would have never been published' you mean ' by a reputable publisher for commercial profit. Theyre classics, but quite tedious by todays standards. As are most Victorian era novels. Das Kapital. Just kidding, hugely influential even today. /u/lakefeesch said the Bible, but I would argue most of the big religious texts probably wouldn't. What is the funniest thing you've seen while driving?  I was driving down the street once when I spotted a guy getting down on one knee in front of a woman. He was clearly proposing. I circled back around to yell congratulations out my window, when I see her walking away. 

A little ways down I see the dude in an alley while I pull up to a red light. He puts the ring box on the ground, open toward him. He then whips his dick out and proceeds to piss all over the ring. It's not really that funny, but it is pretty happy.  

We were going out of town for Thanksgiving and just sitting Houston, TX traffic because that is what you do in Houston.  My wife starts writing signs on paper and holding them out the window and sunroof.  Just stupid shit like "Smile, it could be worse" or "Relax, Nothing we can do about it".  It made so many people smile and a few people even talked to us while we were just sitting there.  It was nice. My ex wife and I were driving behind my ex mother in law, she drove this beat up Renault Clio that had been having lots of electrical problems (auto-lock of the doors, window wipers and door windows elevators) so we are driving right behind her and we get to a toll booth, that's when the fun started.   
First we see she's trying to lower the window to pay the toll booth operator, the window obviously doesn't want to cooperate, she then tries to open her door and the door also seems to be stuck. Cars are starting to line up behind us, some of them are already honking. The awkwardness is palpable. She then gives up and hauls herself over the central console to the passenger side and exits through the passenger door, goes around the car, pays the toll booth guy who is looking at her like she just got out of the loony bin. She turns around and tries her door from outside, just in case, and it works. So she goes in normally this time, and that's when the front and back wipers start flopping like mad while she puts the car in first gear and pulls out of the booth.   
Good times. simultaneously funny and scary: driving down the highway, and a car in another lane ahead of me just had their entire wheel (rim and all) just up and fall off while going +60 mph We had like 5 people in the car driving down a gravel road and heard a clunk coming from the back of the car. My friend tried to dive like half his body out the window to see what it was, but alas, the window was closed. I fucking lost it when his face just bounced off the window. Everyone else was really worried, so I felt kind of bad (he was okay though). Passed an old woman in a sports car with a Jeff Gordon and a Christian flag sticker driving with her knees while lighting a pipe, 10/10 would watch again. A guy making a face similar to [this](http://s3.vidimg.popscreen.com/original/4/MUw5Z2R6OGpDb00x_o_funny-asian-face-kid.jpg) while driving with nobody else in his car.  I don't know why but it just cracked me up. It's the middle of the day, and I was driving down a street in the pretty small, suburban town I grew up in, when I see a gaggle of police officers surrounding something on the sidewalk. When I get closer, I see that in the center of them is a butt-ass naked man, who is obviously drunker than Cooter Brown, as he can't even really stand up. He keeps thrusting his pelvis at the cops. Hilarious. Guy pulled up the lights along side me. Gave me a weird look and then started to play a trumpet. One of the best wtf moments I've had. I used to work for Google, so I took a shuttle from SF to Mountain View everyday.  I can't begin to tell you the stuff you see when you're 8 ft off the ground, looking down into everyone's car. I've seen the following, more than once. 

- People reading books on their steering wheel. 

- People "trying" to drink a beer without others noticing. 

- Woman blowing the driver. 

- People knitting. 

- a kid fingering a girl in the back seat, while an adult was driving (only saw that once)

- people smoking weed from a bong, yes a large bong

- a lot of other shit that makes me be a very defensive driver. Saw this guy get unfathomably mad while exiting the freeway. Was just yelling at his windshield and pounding his fists on the outside of the car. I was laughing uncontrollably at it Dude jerking off while driving. a guy eating soup, like those cup of noodle things, while HE was driving. They say people don't change, but what life situations do you think can starkly or quickly change a person?  When an honest person is accused of dishonesty Doing acid for the first time at college after being raised in a christian household.

I almost felt bad for the kid, he had a rough trip. It was realization after realization, by the end of it he was agnostic and realized he was gay, and had been repressing it. $5 and 10 hours changed his life forever. Having a parent die at an early age, I was a screw up, didn't care about anything, into drugs and hanging with the wrong crowd.  Even my girlfriend was toxic, I just didn't see it for what it was.

My dad passed and I was 19, oldest of 3.  I stopped screwing around, took control of my life and got a full time job so we could pay the bills and make sure my siblings made it through HS.

I honestly believe that by him dying when he did, he inadvertently saved my life. Obvious answer for me would be the aftereffect of a crime like rape or torture.I feel like most people would change pretty fast in those situations. War. Seeing people shot or blown up all around you in a semi-random cloud of confusion. When non-religious/semi-religious people have to deal with someone dying. Living abroad for a period of time. What was a hilarious prank you pulled?  Pretending I was happy for 4 years I put my friends phone number on a bathroom door with 'for a good time call' He saw it was there but left it. Haha. Yuk yuk.  

About a month later i got a girl i was taking out to that same place to text him and send him a picture of herself. After a little back and forth I texted him from my number asking what was up He hit me up saying some chick contacted him and shes hot! So she agreed to meet up with him at that bar, and when he came in he saw us both sitting there together. It took a couple secobds for him to figure out he'd been had [Serious] People that work for Donald Trump or one of his companies, what is your experience?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* My uncle worked at the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas from 2010-2015.

Although he never personally saw Trump, there were tons of his imagery in the staff rooms and training videos. They lead you to believe that only the elite of individuals stay at Trump owned locations.

He still remembers the foul stench of feces as he was cleaning it off the wall and ceiling of a specific guest's bathroom. Serious reply, but aren't many of his employees forced to sign a contract that prevents them from saying anything bad about him? Ok so I have a story handed down the family tree.  My father was a journalist for the New York Times.  He was asked to go interview Trump for some fluff piece in the early 90s.  He got down to Trump Tower and was escorted into a waiting room.  The person that escorted him asked if he would like a drink and offered a bit of advice as to how to talk to Mr. Trump.  The most important thing being that he was to be referred to as "The Donald", not Mr. Trump.  The waiting room was as one would imagine was very Trumpish, lots of leather, mahogany, and the smell of cheap wealth, mixed with fake gold, or so the story goes.  After two hours of waiting my father stands up to leave figuring that the interview wasn't happening when an aide comes in to ask if everything was alright.  My father says quite curtly "Does The Donald always make people wait this long?"  To which the aide replied, "Oh we don't call him The Donald, we call him "The Dick"".  To which my father laughed and asked to be shown out.  Trump never showed up and the story was never published. My dad has a story about his uncle being contracted to build an elevator in some Trump building back when it was Trump senior. He never got paid for the work. No idea how true it is, but there ya go. What is the most immature community you've ever encountered, on the internet or otherwise?  Random people you hear talking on Call of Duty and similar shooting games, no question. Either /r/atheism or the Bernie sanders sub Right now, reddit. Too many teenagers. The campus SJW crowd. I'll throw my own into the mix: The anime community.

I'm part of it, and I love it, but it has one of the highest concentrations of immaturity I've seen from any non-political/non-religious community. And I say that as someone that's also part of the League of Legends community. Any Trump sub or group. r/atheism and the people it typically leaks into r/religion and the like.

Come to think of it, I had some pretty crazy experiences on NeoPets back in the day. Anybody remember NeoPets? I'll probably delete this in a couple days, but I'm tired and bitter right now so I don't care at the moment.

I'm part Native American and I really have to say that the Native American facebook community in general is the most immature community I've ever encountered. Everything, and I mean ***EVERYTHING*** goes back to race and I'm really god damn tired of it.

I can't enjoy posting something political, jokes, informative or have some sort of conversation before someone on my dad's side of the family starts going off on some tangent about how "white man = bad" and everyone else going on about how that's "Such a good point".

These are people I'm apparently supposed to be proud to share heritage with, but I'm not. What do you do when you get to the office? Get food? Browse the internet? Start working?  Work at work?

That's just silly. Put on my uniform, PMCS my equipment, go hang out in the meeting room and wait for roll call. Which perfectly innocent expressions in one language sound cacophonic and profane in another?  https://youtu.be/aU6VBTGjYkk My German friend told me if you say "nothing" in a Dublin accent - pronounced "nuh-in", it sounds like the german word for prostitute. When I was at school, we had some French exchange students. Someone had written "Peter" on a desktop and the French students were gathered around the desk pointing and laughing.We later found out it was because it meant fart. [Serious] What religion/cult do you hate the most?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Does tumblr count? Islam Islam - Honestly I don't hate it as much the religion hates me for being an infidel The Abrahamic ones. 

They are responsible for so much pain and suffering. It's crazy. Mine.  Just tell me already, what did I do!? I really don't have issue with any religion. It's the people, usually, who I dislike. Redditors who have gotten gold, how did you get it?  Selling my fucking soul with dual handjobs. My last post that got gilded was three words: "To deter spammers." I didn't think it was an especially deep or noteworthy post, but someone apparently did. Selling my fucking soul with penta handjobs Clever comments. Game-spitting redditors, what awful pick-up line has actually worked for you?  "Your hair is lovely, makes me wanna pull it" "Why don't you give me your number, before i don't want it anymore." What's a man's best friend if he's allergic to dogs?  His dominant hand. Truck A cat "Outside of a dog, a man's best friend is a book." - Groucho Marx Peruvian Dog, also called chinese dog A dog stuffed animal What was your most unconventional first date?  Sex on the front porch. It was a guy from another state. Met in the middle and spent the whole day together, exploring the city. It's a damned good thing he was cool, otherwise, I just drove a long way for a quick meal, or would be spending the entire day with a weirdo. What is your favorite city?  Berlin, Germany Charleston, SC or Austin, TX. New Orleans (; Savannah Vancouver BC or Oslo Pepeland Tampa fl Los Angeles.  Hot, no water, dirty, and a shit ton of homeless.  Still #1 to me. Amsterdam Toronto, Canada York New City. Hard to chose just one.

London, Singapore, Phnom Penh, Delhi. 

Amsterdam is nice once you escape the hoards of moron tourists who never stray ~500m from centraal station. Washington DC represent! [Serious] If you could choose where you were you were born, what nationality would you chose? Besides the obvious economic advantages, why would you chose a particular Country?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Canada. 


Sorry. Ukraine, because that's like really close to Chernobyl. 

Yea, you could say I'm obsessed by it. Anywhere other than Somalia *choose x2  
The US or Canada.  Japan might be good too. I won that lottery since there is not a better nationality than Texas. Germany,. I like the idea of Germany and I like German iceland. I like the climate and they have funny politicians What might seem like a minor flaw but was a big enough flaw that you broke up with an ex girlfriend/boyfriend?  Her penis ring. She was a whore. Sharing our business with her mom. He was too passive aggressive. What do you wish you didn't know?  All the people on Xbox who apparently fucked my mom :( There are acceptable levels of puss and blood in milk, along with the acceptable levels of anything in food in general. There was this one book, a memoir of a human trafficker, that I wish I had not read. That human trafficking is still a thing. that my best friends are Trump Supporters - but only because their husbands are - which makes me wonder who the f+ck are these people now?  Were they ever themselves - and how did the Step-ford wives thing come true The meaning of life. That there is an [individual whale of unknown species](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/52-hertz_whale) roaming the ocean, completely unable to communicate to other whales because its call is at too high of a frequency.

It cries and cries for years, never to receive an answer... All the people all PlayStation who apparently fucked my mom :( [Serious] Reddit, what are some smaller, < $100 things you wished you could find/buy but don't exist?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* [removed] A topoto. A music editing program like garage band but for windows. This sounds ridiculous, but -

**waterproofs for when you are riding a bike.**

Every set of waterproofs I have SUCK when you are riding a bike.
 
For a start, you have to have both a waterproof jacket and trousers, which are really bulky when you have to carry them both around. Also there are gaps between the jacket and trousers that get soaked. 

Second, if you're riding a bike your hood is useless, as it just blows off your head, and it also obstructs you vision, making it hard to cycle. 

Third, the spray from your bike, even if you have mudguards, guarantees your shoes are sodden by the time you get to work.

Finally, for some reason, waterproof trousers always get really tight on your thighs whilst you're cycling, and this makes them less waterproof, meaning, your thighs get soaked too. 

**TL:DR Waterproofs are shit when you are cycling, someone needs to sort this shit out** Guys, what are the things a girl does on a first date that kills it?  Being on your phone.  Don't fucking do it, if we're on a date it's to get to know each other not snap our date to everyone or look for drama on Twitter while we're waiting for our food.. Rude to restaurant staff. Immediate deal breaker. * Spends more time looking at her phone than paying attention to you

* Doesn't engage in the conversation, just responds with "uh-huh" or whatever Haven't been on a first date in like 12 years, but nowadays, I would say texting/facebooking while on the date. One time I went ice skating for a date. It was quite nice. When I lived in L.A. if a girl asked what kind of car I drove in the first fifteen minutes, it was over. If she took a selfie at any point during the date. Catfish. I have no idea how people think they are going to get away with it. It's so stupid. Goes out for a smoke. This one girl tried to explain how white people and black people were different based on evolution. I noped the fuck out of there. Talks about dating rules, asks how many kids I want or marriage. Her: "I'm actually still married, and not to alarm you but my husband is sitting over there watching us eat."
Me: "I have to go to the bathroom." (Exits building quickly, leaving her with the bill.) When she only answers questions with short responses, doesn't ask questions, or doesn't put any effort into being an enjoyable person to be around. Only talks about herself the entire time, unless I get the impression she's just nervous. Or talks about exes, this is something neither men nor women should do on a date. ( ?? ?? ??) I took a really cute girl on a date a while back and I was convinced we would hit it off. Before the date, it seemed like she was into me.  However, during the date she just wouldn't do anything. I made a few suggestions for dinner and she lamely told me to go wherever I wanted. We went to a video rental place (this was in the early 2000's) and picked out a few movies that I thought would be fun and she just told me to get whatever I wanted. She didn't participate in the conversation, she wouldn't really volunteer any info about herself. I felt like I was fighting to get her to participate in the date for the entire night. I dropped her off after the movie and never saw her again. Start talking about our future together before I even know your favourite hobbies and interests. Starts telling "funny" stories about her and her girlfriends.  Except the stories are never funny. Another guy Sits on her phone the whole time. If the girl says something about herself to no end, and I hear her out no matter what it is, then I say something about me and she just wants to talk more about herself, I'm out.  Completely out. Won't stop talking about an Ex Answering calls from your ex boyfriend to fight, then continue the argument over text messages and then tell me that her ex is upset because she was supposed to baby sit his younger brother that night. Don't ever do that because it sure will suck. 

Like... why the fuck would you even go out on dates if you're still having fights with your ex? I hate when my dates spend the entire time talking about themselves. I want to hear about you, but there are two of us at this table. If you spend the entire meal being a verbal sponge for someone, did you really get to know each other? She doesnt reply to my message ;_; Answers her Phone. Even before a first date, if she can't even hold a simple conversation, then nope. Farting. Leave that up to the guys on the first date. Tells me that her favourite type of film is "Action Movies" Doesn't wax or even trim... What do you expect me to do with this monstrosity? What are some facts that are true for both Turkey the country and Turkeys?  They're both fucked in November if the world continues the way it seems it should continue. They both have a head. They're both really dirty. What book has changed the way you see the world?  How To Win Friends and Influence People.    
     
It's also the best book with the worst name. As someone who is as profoundly socially inept as I am, this changed how I treat people. Tuning into people's emotions is very difficult for me, and it explained things very well. So, for example, rather than challenging people on details, I learned how some things are best left unchallenged for the sake of a person's integrity, ego, and emotions rather than the truth itself. Into the Wild by Jon Krakauer. Couldn't stop thinking about it for about two weeks after reading it. A wonderfully written, very tragic book. Changed how I view the phrase "finding the meaning of life". For me, it was The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde. It touched me and changed me. Whether for the better or the worse I do not know. The myth of Sisyphus by Albert Camus. For those of you grappling with the aches of living. The Celestine Prophecy by James Redfield An Atlas I've chilled out since then because it's been a while but Jon Ronson's "The Psychopath Test" made me seriously paranoid for a while. The Quran The Road Siddhartha, really ignited a deeper understanding of people and led me to change the way I see the world, as I look with compassion first and logic second. It's why I don't hate all religion anymore, I feel sorry for a lot of people but I also understand the necessity in their lives that religion fills. Compassion first, logic second. People are not logical creatures, so compassion is logically the first step to understanding someone. Night by Elie Wiesel

It made me look at the Holocaust in a completely new light. Yes, I know the Holocaust is one of the worst, if not *the* worst thing to happen on this Earth, but the way Elie describes his time in Auschwitz, and how he was only 15 at the time, made me realize just how abhorrent and inhuman the whole thing really was. How every human had a life, and a family, and how it was all taken away from them.

**SPOILERS BELOW**

He describes in detail the lynching of his inmates, and how the others were forced to watch until the person was completely suffocated and blue. How the inmates would fight like dogs when a few pieces of bread crumbs were thrown their way. How he never knew what happened to his mother and sister, they were just taken to another camp and never heard from. How he sat next to his dying father in the snow while the guards didn't give a single shit. How his belief in a god was slowly fading to nothing. It all just made me aware of how fucking terrible this world can be.

It truly opened my eyes to history, and how scary it is. Stranger in a Strange Land

Growing up in a conservative Christian home, the ideas in SIASL blew my mind. I'd read a lot of other fiction that contained sex, but somehow Heinlein brings a lot of philosophy through the writing. Ishmael by Daniel Quinn. So much historical logic and insight for a fictional narrative. Yes. I'd been suicidal my whole life because I felt like my life had no meaning and I was unable to feel okay with that (see this comic). Things have been slowly getting better this year, and just last month, I picked up Camus's book, which begins by saying that the first question is the question of suicide. The Stranger by Albert Camus [A Canticle for Leibowitz](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/164154.A_Canticle_for_Leibowitz) Changed how I view time and ambition. **Brave New World** and **Amusing Ourselves to Death**

They opened my eyes to how our absolute fear of boredom and obsession with bullshit are pacifying and distracting us. It changes how we think and ultimately imprisons us. 1984 Orwell 

Changed my perception of society and made me wary of privacy. Those magic eye books The Demon Haunted World by Carl Sagan didn't really change how I see the world, but it definitely clarified some things for me. "Das Kapital" Honestly, The Catcher In The Rye. I'm the stereotypical late teen/early twenty something that relates to Holden way too much. Hear me out on this one. 

When I was in early high school, I read Ayn Rand's *The Fountainhead*. As is typical with teenagers who read Rand, I became a sort of self-aggrandizing asshole for a little while, but years later, I'm actually really glad to have read it.

Rand isn't worth reading because she's right. She gets so many things wrong. But she also opens your eyes to a lot of different ways of thinking about morality, self-worth, and how to live your life. She's not a great philosopher, but she's an excellent jumping-off point for philosophical discussion, especially for someone who has never studied philosophy before.

One example of this is the relationship between ego and morality that we're all (in modern Western society) brought up to accept as truth: Putting one's own interests and well-being before those of others is bad. Helping those who need it most is good. Having a big ego is bad. Being self-effacing and self-deprecating is good. How good a person you are is directly related to how much you've helped or tried to help others.

Rand attacks these ideas so ferociously that she misses a lot of nuance. But for me, and probably a lot of her other young readers, it's the first time you've ever seen someone attack them *at all*. It gets you thinking about really big and important questions: Why is it considered bad to think highly of yourself? Why is our entire system of morality based on helping the weak? Why is it seemingly so difficult for those in positions of power to be considered good people?

Reading Rand got me really interested in these questions, and by extension, interested in philosophy. I ended up rejecting a lot of Rand's own ideas, but if I hadn't read her books, I don't think I would have ever considered that there might be answers to these questions other than the ones I'd been taught. 

So even though I ended up really far from Rand in my own ideas, her books definitely changed the way I saw the world. Possibly for worse in the short term, but definitely for better in the long term. Atlas Shrugged, Ayn Rand
Unintended Consequences, John Ross Infinite Jest Man's Search For Meaning *The Republic* - Plato The Things They Carried by Tim O'Brien. It's fiction but since the author fought in Vietnam (and the book is set during the Vietnam War), he utilizes a literary technique where he purposely blurs the line between fiction and non-fiction. When I first read it, I thought it was a real account of his time in the war. *Then* I thought it was fiction based on men he actually knew it war. *Then* I was told it was 100% fictional and not based on anything. Throughout all this, the book itself questioned: What is truth? What is reality? And does it even matter? A fictional truth can be more honest than a real-life truth...or can it? It messed with my mind and the stories haunted me for days. It wasn't a clean war; it was a savage, dirty, hopeless thing that really struck a nerve inside me and tormented me. The characters he portrayed, the way he wrote simultaneously dazzled and horrified me. I will never forget how I felt after I finished that book. I was crying. The Magic Of Thinking Big.

My Mum gave it to me when I was a teenager. Michael Crichton's *Sphere*. While I don't completely agree with a lot of his more metaphysical beliefs, I find the message of that book - that we play a fundamental role in shaping our own reality - quite impactful. It made me re-evaluate how I dealt with people and handled my emotions, and made me realize how much of my own unhappiness was really my own unconscious creation. H2O.

It's a fairly recent book, and it's another one of those "Apocalyptic Dystopian" themes, but it emphasizes water. I've never once realized just how screwed we would be if a contagion got into our rain... *Outliers*

This is the Malcolm Gladwell book that popularized the 10,000 hour rule but it's the bits on concerted cultivation that truly resonated with me, specifically how the genius Chris Langan was so socially inept he was forced to drop out of school when his car broke down while [Robert Oppenheimer](http://www.publicspeakingtoolkit.com/practical-intelligence-and-the-trouble-with-geniuses.html) had the social skills to go on to lead the Manhattan Project even after he tried to poison his professor! 

There's a subtle way 'intelligent' folk communicate that is lost on us free range kids who were left to raise ourselves. I read The Stranger cover to cover in one sitting and then felt like I had to go and lie down for about a week.

You recommend the Myth of Sisyphus? Thank You for Smoking

How to Win Friends and Influence People

Fast Food Nation

Midnight Express

The Master and Margarita The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho Wonder by R.J Palacio. "When given the choice to to choose between doing the right thing and the kind thing, I hope you choose the kind thing." V for Vendetta

> "You were already in a prison. You've been in a prison all your life. Happiness is a prison, Evey. Happiness is the most insidious prison of all. Your lover lived in the penitentiary that we are all born into, and was forced to rake the dregs of that world for his living. He knew affection and tenderness but only briefly. Eventually, one of the other inmates stabbed him with a cutlass and he drowned upon his own blood. Is that it, Evey? Is that the happiness worth more than freedom? It's not an uncommon story, Evey. Many convicts meet with miserable ends. Your mother. Your father. Your lover. One by one, taken out behind the chemical sheds... and shot. All convicts, hunched and deformed by the smallness of their cells, the weight of their chains, the unfairness of their sentences. I didn't put you in a prison, Evey. I just showed you the bars." *Dharma Bums* - Jack Kerouac The Bible. (NRSV) Dianetics. J/k. They advertised that it would change the way you look at life in the 90's. I sent my money order to the address and in a few weeks I got my book. Biggest let down of my life. 

I had no clue who L. Ron Hubbard was when I ordered it Power of Now / A New Earth - Eckhart Tolle.  I've given it to friends and several have completely transformed their lives. The Long Walk by Stephen King. I've raved about this book on Reddit a few times, but I'll do it again.
**Being Mortal by Atul Gawande**.

It's about end-of-life care in both hospital and personal settings, decision-making, and why this even matters: Why do we care about the last few days/months/years if death is inevitable and quality of life is already diminished? I know this doesn't sound like the jolliest of topics, or relevant if you're young and/or don't know anyone currently on death's door. Here's the thing though: It matters if you're a human. Death is the most natural thing about being alive, so why not normalize the conversation and figure out what matters most to you, so that it can continue to matter in the most dignified manner right until the end? 

The more I reread this book, the more I perceive dying as being about *living*. Sure, alot of the case studies on the topic are about the terminally ill or elderly, but the book has overall challenged the way I think about what matters most to me on a daily basis and to reach out to my parents and talk about what matters most to them too, should I ever need to advocate. Curious that a book about death actually left me more inspired and in touch with my own vehicles to happiness, but that's how this book changed me. Das Kapital.

Even if one cannot understand all the mathematical formulas in the tome, the mere complexity and bullshittery of the capitalist system appears in how illogically the ideas connect. The ideas that capitalism is based on is perhaps the most complex "bread and circuses" scheme in all of human history. Lame Deer, Seeker of Visions.

Changed the way I approached life. The Stranger by Camus Freakonomics by Steven D. Levitt & Stepehen J. Dubner -Starship Troopers.

-Life of Pi.

-Fahrenheit 451.

-A Clockwork Orange.

-Hegemony or Survival. The 5 People You Meet in Heaven by Mitch Albom. The Book of Mormon - Another Testament of Jesus Christ. It proves Jesus is real, and is who he says He is. The Savior of each one of us personally and of the world. Wind Sand and Stars. Helped me with my fear of flying. Now I can go places and see things. The Corpus Hermeticum The Gift of Fear.

You'll see it mentioned a lot when you see those "What are your creepiest/scariest experiences" threads on here, or on /r/letsnotmeet, but it really is a great book that helps you see the importance of listening to yourself. When your intuition is trying to tell you something is wrong, don't fight it. Uprising, by Margaret Peterson Haddix. I love this book. It dose make you think of things differently. You should read it. Girl, Interrupted by Susanna Kaysen
One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest by Ken Kesey

These two books got me interested in how people treat each other, psychological issues, and concepts of abuse. Pretty eye opening for me when I read them. The Four Agreements! Definitely a must read. http://www.simplypersonalized.com/product/my-adventure-personalized-frozen-book/?gclid=Cj0KEQjwncO7BRC06snzrdSJyKEBEiQAsUaRjInJ33-yH216HQZvN9MpMYJ79Aqx1EWdZ2l2728xKWEaAj2S8P8HAQ A Thousand Plateaus by Gilles Deleuze & Felix Guattari Everything Matters! by Ron Currie Jr. [Ain't Nobody's Business If You Do](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ain%27t_Nobody%27s_Business_If_You_Do) by Peter McWilliams.  Read it in high school.  Gave me a different perspective on several topics at the time.  It didn't necessarily change my opinion, but it did give me a new view on some of the topics covered. Unbroken- i can't figure out exactly what i learned from this book but it has definitely changed the way i see the world. Shantaram was really amazing and changed my values in life for sure. Flowers for Algernon by Daniel Keyes The Millionaire Next Door helped me to have a healthy respect for money and the power of compound investing. Between that and "Your Money or Your Life," I've learned to not place value on things, but rather meaningful experiences and financial security. Orwell's 1984, the World Made by Hand series, Alas, Babylon, One Second After series.... I'm a post-apocalyptic / dystopian book fan. "The Bet" by Chekhov


It's a short story, not a book, but a teacher gave it to us to read in the 8th grade.  It was in an elective literature class that I am so glad I took because my English class that year was complete shit.

The value of money vs the value of knowledge.  Be careful playing out philosophical questions in real life.  What is isolation?

The story is brilliant when I read it then (at 13 the name Chekhov didn't ring any bells) and years later, I tracked it down again and it was just as amazing.  It also ushered this whole new world of literature to me.  

(It's way past copyright, easy to find if you are interested) Read that back the back with Camus' The Stranger In Cold Blood. I've read it so many times I have to wear glasses now. The Jungle by Upton Sinclair

It really changed my views on poverty. It's a great read. Cosmography by Buckminster Fuller Death of a Salesman

When I was young my parents were extremely controlling and forced me to go to college for something they wanted me to do. When I almost immediately was put on academic probation warning, they flipped out when I suggested that the path I was on wasn't right. They yelled and told me I'd be useless if I didn't finish school in 4 years and if I didn't become a doctor id be nothing. I became very depressed and drank heavily and considered suicide, but would force myself to cry myself to sleep.

The next semester my English class had Death of a Salesman as one of its books. It helped me realize that my parents were completely deluded and their outlook on their lives and my own were from false experiences. From there I was able to figure out that I needed to take control of my own path because it was my life. I still finished school in 4 years, but with a different degree. About to take another big step away from them now in order to chase what I want and lose their toxic influence over my life. It's hard because I do love them, but their overcontrolling ways have already ruined my older brothers life and will mess mine up too if I don't just go on my own To Kill A Mockingbird,  and not just for the larger moral messages of the book, such as the need for compassion for all men. It taught me that there are good men/fathers out there (something I didn't have), and it introduced me to the particularly Southern habit of using similes and metaphors to great affect. It also made me love the South--Lee's languid descriptions of Maycomb were just beautiful. The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People
This book completely changed the way I did things--in terms of time management and productivity. I was required to read this book for one my classes in college. Although at first I did not think much of it, when I began to apply what I learned in the book to real life, I found that I became much more productive in my studies and my job. The heart of productivity and success truly is in one's own habits. Thinking Fast and Slow by Daniel Khaneman Ishmael by Daniel Quinn. A Peoples History of America. Great history lesson told through the eyes of the concurred. Even if you are a history buff, it will change your "rosy eyed" memory of certain historic figures. For me, it changed my opinion of Abraham Lincoln and the motives behind the emancipation proclamation. Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance. Ishmael by Daniel Quinn.

We are living entirely the wrong way as a species. It gives me a hopeless feeling every so often. We will never know what it is to live *with* the world. Man's search for meaning or how to win friends and influence people.

Sophie's world also got me interested in philosophy a while back as well which I guess did a lot. The Alchemist The Street Lawyer by John Grisham DMT: The spirit molecule by Rick Strassman *Liberty and Tyranny* - Mark Levin I always find this a very hard question to answer. I read a lot, but there's not one specific book I've read after which I thought to myself "wow, that has really changed how I view things." Rather, it's an overall effect, a combination of little bits and bobs from all of the books I've read that shapes my thinking about the world. For example, I think it's impossible in principle to decode any alien signal we might ever receive, but the reason I think that has as much to do with me having read Edgar Allen Poe's The Gold Bug as it has to do with me having read /r/iamverysmart style posts about people on the internet claiming they've taught themselves how to read. Nothing technical I've read about information and interpretation has really changed the way I see the world, but when I see someone say something that's obviously false all that background knowledge I have crystallizes into an opposing viewpoint. So rather than saying that books change the way I see the world, I'd say that books give me the tools to react to what the world throws at me. 

edit: if you are interested in the problems related to communicating with aliens, I would recommend "His Master's Voice" by Stanislaw Lem, and Ted Chiang's "Stories of your life". China Mieville's "Embassytown" is also about the same topic but not even remotely as good as those other two. I read all three only after I had already developed my position on this issue. Students of Reddit, what's the most weirdest thing you saw in class, and never told anyone?  The fact that nothing can be the most weirdest, it's either the weirdest or the most weird, not both A boy lactated in class Friend of mine beat his dick in class to the asscrack of the girl in front of him.  Had cum stains on his gym shorts but told everyone he had been eating glazed donuts and wiping his hands on his shorts. No joke a kid was rubbing one out in class Suspended from University for 3 years, what would you do if you were in this position?  Meaningful travel. Don't just go somewhere and look at old buildings. Go help someone, or build something. Op you can make this post and not tell us why you are suspended. I'd never be in that situation. However, I am laughing at you. Just a little. Take a 3 year vacation Go to a different school, like a community college, and knock out some credits in the meantime. thats a pretty serious penalty, without more background information it's difficult to answer your question.

appeal the decision, continue you education elsewhere, go work fast food? I'll assume it was due to being unable to pay for tuition or something as I wouldn't commit a crime or do something unethical. I'd find a way to work and volunteer in something related to my field of study so that when I get back to school, I will have the material I've learned still fresh in my mind and bring additional experience and understanding to my studies. I'd also stay involved socially with the other students so that I could keep up my relationships with them. As mentioned before, it is difficult to know without more information. 

Would another school accept you? Can you take credits at a local community college? Is your university going to reaccept you?

Depending on what you're studying, it could make more sense to learn specific skills at a community college and try and find an entry level job in the industry, or just find a new university. It really depends. We really need to know why you were suspended in order to answer this question. Appeal. Appeal. Appeal. Don't stop appealing. so you were suspended for poor grades, which you blame on depression

first thing, treat your depression

appeal the decision and disclose your battle with depression

if you run from this now, "take a 3 year vacation" without ever treating your underlying issues... you are setting yourself up for failure in life Go to a different school or just work. Enroll at another university. Get a job.  Duh! What's a fun, quick game to play in a work meeting?  Duck, Duck, Goose... Spot the language tick.

Does someone say "errrm" a lot or have a phrase to use as filler e.g "you know what I mean" or "know what I'm saying". One quick mass round of Boggle...  See if anyone can get a word that nobody else gets. Jerk off the penis game.. whoever can say penis the loudest wins. Paper football Pick something - a song, band, album, movie, TV show, book, whatever. Try and incorporate as many quotes/lyrics from it as possible when you're speaking. See how many times you can say 'meow' in the meeting without anybody really noticing. Bloody knuckles. We're not doing your job for you... I love the "MADE UP WORD" game. How many times can you use a word that doesn't exist before someone calls you out? Even better if you work in a technical role. Example:

"Oh, the reason your session is down is because our Citrix server has collapsed. . . Yeah, the *frekkers* got too low and it caused it to cut out."

Obviously, don't lie, but just make up words. What have you broken in a fit of rage?  Nothing. Absolutely nothing. I can control myself. My pinky....twice.... I fucking hate you Yorick. I rarely lose my cool that badly. I kicked the hell out of a a kitchen cabinet door a few years ago. And then I took it off, took it into the garage, glued and clamped it, and reinstalled it three hours later. 

Breaking shit is less fun when you have to fix it yourself. And deal with a freaked out family. Better to go for a walk. my thumb A fly once landed in my beer. 

I just opened that shit, and that fly took it's gross little body and swam all up in my beverage. I had to teach that smug little shit, so I chucked the bottle at the wall. A hymen A threw my PS2 controller after several failed attempts of big combos in Tony Hawk Pro Skater 3. That same controller ricocheted off my metal TV stand and hit me right in the chin.

My dignity was also broken that day. Before I had a cell phone i used to make all my personal calls on this fax machine my parents had in the basement.  One night after arguing with my now ex gf i slammed the phone down and it snapped in half :( rip fax machine A pop-up Harry Potter book. I threw it at my ex's head and it caught on the doorknob behind him and pieces went everywhere. I found Professor Snape lurking under the couch six months later. Mice....countless mice! Had just been recently married and after a few weeks of everything was going good she starts getting cold feet after the fact. Needless to say we fought for a bit mainly me over a large surprise such as this. We make up and settle later that week. 

Fast forward to 2 weeks later. I come home after a long day at work, she sits me down crying and asks me not to be mad and promise not to be mad. I agree trying to guess what she's going to tell me.

Needless to say the day after the argument she went and fucked her ex in his truck. 

So as I'm blacking out from rage I grab a 4 person couch and throw it through our front room window destroying the couch and window all in one fell swoop. 

We are no longer together needless to say... My bed, sadly.

There are so many better ways to break it. Many a video game controllers. about 3 controllers. Who can you not believe is dead?  Robin Williams Gary Moore Elvis Alan Rickman. Muhammad Ali. My Save file Paul Walker :( Lemmy Sir Terry Pratchett:( Robin Williams. Jesus [deleted] Tupac What are some extremely statistically improbably events that actually happened?  odds of a shark attack are one in 11.5 million. Yet they still happen so I will never go in the ocean again Creation of life. Given the size of the universe and the total lack of signs for alien life, it must be statistically almost impossible.

The [Fermi Paradox](http://waitbutwhy.com/2014/05/fermi-paradox.html) explains this a bit more in detail. Hitler I guess. How can a failed artist out of the most average austrian family become the worlds most evil person of all time? At the time over 72 million people lived in germany & austria, most of them more likely to go down as germanys infamous personality One that I like is James Dean's 'haunted' Porsche.

[story](http://www.qsl.net/w5www/dean.html) 

He crashed his rare silver Porsche spider in 1990 and died. It was sold on to a car customiser.

The Porsche fell on a mechanic who was unloading it, breaking both his legs. Parts of the car were sold on.

Two racing drivers, both driving cars containing parts of the Porsche, competed in Pomona Fair Grounds. One of the drivers' car flipped, leaving him with serious injuries, the other's hit a tree, killing him.

It goes on. A child gashed their arm trying to steal the Porsche's steering wheel, a young man who acquired the tyres from the original Porsche had them both blow out while driving, the garage that the original wrecked Porsche was held in burned down and destroyed every car inside EXCEPT the Porsche, the car fell from a display case and broke a boy's hip, and to cap it off, the Porsche fell on top of a truck driver and killed him instantly.

What are the odds? What's the craziest thing you've seen done at a party?  Intentionally turned off the power. I walked into a party once 10 years ago and the birthday boy was surrounded by a circle of people while he was wearing a dildo suction-cupped to his forehead as a stripper was humping it. It was eerily silent in the room while this was happening. What is something that you wish people told you or learned about before going to college?  The quality of school you attend doesn't mean much if you can't stand most of the other students attending. Courses only last one semester. A semester of a college course is much less bullshit than a year of an AP course in high school. You really suck at studying. And 90% of the reason you slide by so easy with b's is because you read so much, not because you are a good student. You are fucked when you get to college. That the feeling of shame is a reminder to doubt the moral authority of whoever you're talking to. Dont hook up with neighbors in the beginning of the year. It wont work out and be awkward Don't overload your schedule freshman year.

Avoid early morning classes.

Don't waste your food credit in the first couple months, cafeteria food is just as good. Go to office hours when you can. I swear it's made a huge difference in some classes. Major in something that will get you a job, minor in something you love Don't ever skip classes.  Even if you're hungover, tired, have other plans, just make the effort to go to every class and at least sit there.  It becomes way too easy to start skipping classes and that leads to failing grades and dropouts. What's the best thing about your job?  Well, I'm on Reddit, aren't I? When people say thank you My paycheck doesn't bounce It doesn't follow me home. I have a lot of freedom, as long as the work gets done I can show up late, leave early, or stay home. Gamers of Reddit, what is your dream game?  fully immersed (sword art online style) Skyrim. Half Life 3. Prequel to the Dragon Age games about the first Blight, forming of the Grey Wardens and discovering how to kill an Archdemon. Combine ARMA III and DCS World.

DCS has the best helicopter flight model around for any simulator, but has shitty ground units. ARMA has real people on the ground, but a mediocre flight model and airframe options. Put the two together and you have one hell of an experience. Cyberpunk 2077 Hello Kitty Online Adventure VR edition A Gta game with a well written story with more than 150 missions, a fixed wanted level system, 500+ controllable vehicles, empire building, 120+ fully customizable guns ranging from small caliber revolvers to surface to air missles, gigantic map in a new place, an atmosphere that rivals gta 4's, revamped friend system from gta 4, all side activities from gta San andreas, 4, and 5 plus new ones, a realistic driving system somewhere in between gta 4 and 5 not too arcade like and not too simulator like, and the ability to play Co-op with up to 4 players. An open based world like GTA, but with Skate, destructible buildings, and Assassins Creed integrated in.  More so the destructible buildings part. world war 1 call of duty If you could wake up tomorrow in the body of someone else, who would you pick and what would you do?  Emily Ratajkowski. I would leave her body, then enter it again. All day. Katy perry. Do i have to explain this one? Superman - Anything I wanted to. Donald Trump, i would shave my hair. How learned are you all (education level and name of university/college)?  Going on to a 4 year degree, but with lots of other licenses and training outside of college. High school dropout. GED.  
B.A. in Mathematics.  
B.S. in Computer Science.  
M.S. in Statistics.  
Working on a Ph.D. in Statistics.  

I'd rather not mention the names. Crappy high school, low-ranked undergrad school (I loved it and had great teachers, but with low admission standards and a focus on teaching over research, it's ranked pretty low), semi-respectable grad schools (switched between M.S. and Ph.D.) but not Ivy League -- typical state schools. BA in Communication Studies   
BS Computer Science Software Engineering  
University of <my State> > Some College

Dropped out when I couldn't focus and it forced me into academic probation (which I also didn't take seriously).

Don't regret it yet as I am working in a college-level position with only a HS diploma. Master of Engineer, specializing in Aerodynamics.

I am the "dumb" one in my family. My father is a medical doctor, my sister has Phd and is a university professor. My brother has a Phd in Psychology and does clinical research.

But the most successful person (in terms of income) in my family by far is my brother-in-law, who had no education beyond high school. He made his living selling real estate.

TL;DR; education isn't everything. who here is also at work? how are you sneaking reddit?  I'm working, not really sneaking- I have alien blue on my phone. 

Unless someone gets hurt or sick I can't really Do my job so Reddit it is! I'm retired, but while I was working, I would go online for a few minutes and copy the articles that I wanted to read and paste them into a word or notepad document, then get off line and read my articles.  The IT people only monitored time online. I have my file cabinet set up in such a way it blocks my third screen from the main aisle. I usually keep reddit or whatever other site I'm checking up on this screen while I work. Retail worker here. Honestly half the day is just me ducking into aisles that I know don't have any foot traffic and pulling up Reddit on my phone. I use a no-images plugin for Chrome so I can scan through posts all day and nobody even knows it's /r/. What made you ditch your smartphone? How is living without one and what phone do you currently use?  Reddit, how did you, or your co-workers, prank the new guy?  We sent him around to all the departments with a blank ledger with "EMHO Log" written on the cover.  He was told to give it to each department head, who would write the latest EMHO content on a page, after which the new guy would take it to the next department head, lather rinse repeat.

In this case, "EMHO" stood for "early morning hard on", and all the entries were jokes and insults about the new guy. Sent them to get the basement key so they could get supplies from the basement. There was no basement.

Sent them to look for pallet stretchers, lightbulb repair kits, marker erasers, etc. In Produce we'd have the newbs eat an Habenero. In grocery,I'd have the new guy who is facing shake all the separated dressings. enjoy

http://youtu.be/izBXbtwoDpw What makes your job awesome?  Been at work for hours, still not wearing pants. I get to touch disgusting sauce, grease, liquid food all day. Plus my feet get soaked and I just stand in it all day. Then when I get backed up my managers yell at me and threaten to have another drone replace my job :) Replacing large amounts of fear with small amounts of information I'm on the road alone most days so when I need to chill and browse reddit for 5 minutes nobody would know.

Also, I only get 6 pto days a year, but I can take unpaid days on top of it. I saved up my PTO hours so that I can use it for my trips in July. Knowing I am taking an entire week off, as well as a long weekend this weekend, to get away and still being paid during it is amazing.

Also, the company actually appreciates what I do as an employee, which is rate nowadays. I have a corner cube, so no one is ever around to see that I spend the majority of the workday on Reddit. Good salary + overtime pay + 5 weeks leave per year

And a lot of my time at work I'm on reddit, tinder and YouTube I can Netflix or reddit all day. Occasionally I have to answer the crisis line or assist a client but a good 60-70% of my job is Reddit. Plus I work by myself so I don't have to worry about co-workers or bosses looking over my shoulder. 
The hours are meh though. What are some of the biggest marketing scandals that have ever happened?  What is the most ludicrous excuse/reason someone has given for their addiction?  Something has to kill me eventually, why not this? Who would you nominate as the hide and seek world champion?  OPs dick Malaysia airlines flight 370 Osama Bin Laden Pappy :( MY father. Jimmy Hoffa Tupac. Don't care what anyone says. No love for Madeleine McCann? They say Hitler was living in Brazil or the Hollow Earth well into his 90s, so I say Hitler. Tupac he is hiding in Cuba and the illuminati still hasn't found him What are the scariest short stories to tell kids?  My sister says mommy killed her, mommy says I don't have a sister. *Eug?nie de Franval, or the Misfortunes of Incest*, by Donatien Alphonse Fran?ois, Marquis de Sade Actually, yes, you will have a watermelon grow inside of you if you eat the seeds. In a pinch, check out Lazy Masquerade, Be.Busta, or a host of other scary story narrators on youtube. I'm babysitting and I've ran out of spooky stories to tell the kids. I'd appreciate some help. Thanks in advance Reddit! "You're adopted." Bloody Horowitz - Anthony Horowitz. Get those kids fucked up nice and early. 

Bonus answer: the Quran. /r/crappypasta Hey Reddit, what are your favorite field day activities?  When you have two giant garbage cans filled with water & placed a short distance apart. Each team has their own little empty bucket too. You then take a cup with holes punched in the bottom, scoop up some water, and hold it over your head as you walk to the other bin and try to fill your team's bucket. I always loved that one. Tug of War What's the most motivating one-liner ever?  JUST DO IT You are the product of billions of years of evolution, fucking act like it. "I'll suck your dick" "When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength." - Arnold Schwarzenegger It`s amazing what you can accomplish when you dont care who gets the credit - Harry Truman....as told by R.A. Dickey *Be the change you want to see in the world*, or a very slight variation I heard from a friend just last night ...

*I try to be what I want to receive in life.*

The context behind that last one was when I thanked him for giving me emotional support through a recent break up. :/ You're doing this for your own good "What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us; what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal." - Albert Pike If no one time travels from the future to stop you, then how bad can it be? "Ain't nothin' to it but to do it."  My grandpa used to say that, and I still say it to myself when I'm putting something off.  It's a life-lesson motivating one-liner IMO. "For Frodo!" Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can't.  

? Jerry Rice  

(disclaimer: I'm not very confident on that attribution... happy to be corrected if someone knows better) This is your life and it's ending one minute at a time. "ROH ROH FIGHT THE POWA" Don't be a dumbass. It's now or never. "If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves." "If you're going through hell, keep going."

I think Winston Churchill is credited. Why not? "It doesn't matter how much you accomplish, if you're ugly, no one will want to be around you." [I choose to start this task with a small, imperfect step. I?ll feel terrific and have plenty of time for play!](https://litemind.com/overcoming-procrastination-self-talk/) "You can do anything you want to do".  Statement from my dad after I told him I wasn't sure what I wanted to do for a living.  I was 18 and just out of high school.  
He told me that 45 years ago and I still remember it being empowering. "You won't always be motivated; you can can always be disciplined." - Arnold To be nobody but yourself in a world doing it's best night and day to make you everyone else means fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting 
-E.E Cummings "If you're going through hell, keep going." -Winston Churchill While you're out there partying or horsing around, someone is out there at the same time working harder, getting smarter, and winning.
-Arnold Schwarzenegger "You miss 100 percent of the shots you don't take" --- The Great One Even in death may you be triumphant http://www.quoteslike.com/images/1383/yoda-there-is-no-try-3TCecC-quote.png What's your favourite (non-masturbatory) thing to do while alone?  Laying in bed in silence Read. I can do it when it's noisy or other people around, but it's the best when I've got near-silence and solitude. Go to the movies. I'm not saying I don't love going with other people; I do. But if I'm going to have a few hours alone, going to the movies is a great way to spend the time. I get to see what I want, read while I wait for the movie to start, have a delicious snack, and have a shared point of reference when I talk to someone later who also saw that movie. I also feel like I "did something" to take advantage of that time alone. Masturb.. oh non-fapping hobbies.. I guess watch TV and draw Binge tv or game. Sing.  Sing whatever I want.  However loud I want. While secretly hoping the neighbors can hear, just a little bit. Sharpen the kitchen and personal knives. The sound drives my wife crazy, so I wait until it's just me at home. Watch someone else masturbait Sleep. Smoke and watch Rick and Morty/Anime If it's nice outside, sit on the patio and drink. Who are some celebrities who have hilarious snapchats?  Dj khaled For all people with emotional illness, how do you deal everyday and what treatment are you in?  I treat myself with trusted friends and good times when I can. I dont ever want to take a medication on a daily basis to feel 'normal' this is me, and i accept it. I let the liquor do the thinking [Serious]What is the most useful skill you learned in a week?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* brake and rotor repair, saves hundreds How to fold bed sheets Opening beer with a lighter. First aid/CPR is pretty useful. Starting an IV faster way to tie shoes. search on YouTube. easy life improvement What is your favorite version of "see you later alligator"?  Over and out rainbow trout My favorite has a story to it...

My ex and his brother used to say, "Peace out, Girl Scout!" all the time in high school.  My Dad hated them and mocked them all the time.  In mocking them my Dad started saying, "Peace out, Sauerkraut!" just to be an ass about it...  But, backfire, my ex and his brother liked it and started using it.  Within a week people in school were saying it to each other like it was the coolest thing ever.  Even I still say it from time to time because the backstory still tickles me.

So yeah.  Peace out, Sauerkraut! "I'm off to get some milk" - Dad, Circa 1994. hasta luego cocodrilo See you soon, little baboon In a while, crocodile. 

Or

In a bit, you piece of a shit. after while, crocodile Bye-bye, butterfly. Slayer See you later masturbator, after while pedophile. Waiting to hear something clever about the alligator that ate the kid at Disney World. To be honest I'm kinda surprised there isn't something referencing that yet... Who was your favorite teacher and why?  It was a teacher who was pretty strict on his classes but you could always tell how much passion he had for the topics in class.He would always bring out the best in every topic we were dealing with and sometimes he was also very funny and a great guy. This is though, I had so many good teachers. 

Well, there was Mrs Webb who was my English teacher, she introduced me to Slam Poetry and asked me to join her team. We won a poetry competition twice in a row with her coaching, she was amazing and gave me the courage to get on stage in front of hundreds of people. 

Then there's Mr Pettifer who was my computer science teacher, super chill guy who said stuff how it was and let us listen to music whilst coding. Always was supporting us as a class and always shouted when he needed to. 

Then there's Mr Smith who I never, ever heard shout at a student, not once. He just gave them sarcasm and it totally worked. He was my History teacher and he made my already existing love for history grow larger. 

Then there's Mrs Clark, who was my drama teacher. She was amazing and so supporting to me. She told me what I needed to do to get an A* and how to improve my acting. Thanks to her I got an A* in drama and improved my acting abilities so much. She even helped me during a dark time of my depression in high school by getting her manic depressive dad to come in and talk to me. My current English teacher. He's a really nice guy, very chill.  He used to be a journalist so I value his opinion on writing quite a bit.  He has repeatedly told me that he likes my writing- and that I should be an author. It's,  I guess it's just nice to hear some positive encouragement from someone other than my parents. I look forward to that class each day. Dude was hard on me.

I hated him for a long time. One day he makes me stay after class. Says what the hell are you doing? I got all teenage angsty at him. Asked what he was talking about I wasn't doing anything. He said damn right you aren't doing anything, and you have way to much potential to not do anything.

He was the only teacher I invited to my graduation party. I was leaving to join the army shortly. He had a beer with me and congratulated me. I had a science teacher in... 7th grade I think. He was smart, he was funny, he hardly *ever* gave homework and he made the material very interesting. 

But the big thing about him is everyone got good grades in his class. Even that kid who failed everything else got good grades - and it was because *everyone learned stuff* in his class. Everyone. Even the "dumb" kid. 

He was one of only two good teachers I had in the entire time I went to school... My third grade teacher. I barely passed 1st and 2nd grade, hated school, and had no friends. She motivated me by focusing on me and encouraging me, and eventually I started to pass up my free time to study. She encouraged me when I explored math some more and used topics ahead of our current lessons, and I even started to read novels, and read them very often. I went from being a worthless no one to one of the smartest kids in school. I had a teacher in the 7th and 8th grade. Just in the 7th grade she was hell. So much work and writing essays. However, she was fair and she treated us like we had our own autonomy. I was unlucky enough to have her in the 8th grade, and almost the entire hear she bullied me. However, she was the absolute best teacher I had. She was teaching us that these excuses we make are worthless. She thought us how to be on time with assignments. I did extremely well in all my classes that year and the years ahead! What's something you find uncomfortable or difficult to use because it belongs to someone else?  A penis. I have my own, and i dont need to touch another I hate driving another person's car. A toilet A toothbrush Your girlfriend's husband's condoms when you are with her You wake up in the middle of a small town on the other side of the world with no money or ID, how do you get home?  I'd teleport since you didn't specify what year it is, and I would be in the year 3276 Why go home? Borrow a phone and call friend and family for money.

Make my way an embassy for further help. Assuming I don't have anything on me, it'd honestly be pretty difficult.

Being in a small town means there's no embassy, obviously. Making contact with family or friends by borrowing a phone for internet is good and all, but that doesn't put money in your hand to eat, buy a bus ticket, or buy a phone. It also doesn't give you the ability to board a plane with an ID. I'd probably use a phone to figure out what would be the fastest way to a big city which would have an embassy, and try hitchhiking there. Once you get to an embassy, you'd be fine.

Maybe talking with the police would help. Or a tourist agency. I want to say I would prostitute myself out, but I would most likely just end up owing more money. I would use the opportunity to improve the Asian genome with mi western genes It comes down with making contact with the people who can help you, and these days all you need is internet to contact everyone you know on facebook (Or put a post on /r/AskReddit). So just find internet access. Ask questions to the locals in Scots Gaelic. Make a vague cryptic comment regarding the NSA - wait for them to arrest me. [serious] redditiors who've been hacked, how did you deal with it?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* If abortion is protected by the constitution under the 14th amendment (right to privacy), how can the government justifiably prosecute people for things like drug use done privately in their own home?  Hypocrisy, mang. Because the drugs themselves are illegal to possess. Abortion isn't really protected by the constitution its just the current narrative, eventually we will turn around and think how did we allow that to happend Abortion isn't really protected by the constitution its just the current narrative, eventually we will turn around and think how did we allow that to happend &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Fascinating, I have **never** heard of the idea that "abortion is  protected by the constitution under the 14th amendment". The idea seems ridiculous on so many levels, and I, personally, would never attempt to construct an argument of that type.

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; I think you have missed the point of the argument. There are those that think they have a right to interfere with the doctor-patient relationship when it comes to an issue of women's health. There is no "abortion protection" side to the argument, there is a "stay out of the decision making process" and "keep your legislation out of the operating theater" side to the argument. using them is not illegal but possession of, being under the influence of and selling illegal narcotics is. /r/askpoliticalscience 

/r/Ask_Politics 

/r/ask_political_science Because babies are not schedule 1 drugs. When did you went ape shit and how it was?  Just the other day, was  A+++++ would do again. When my dealer stiffed me on my pot yo. I kicked his baby's crib and ran away with my swag. What's the hardest part in your native language iyo?  Ambiguity in sentences. Now that I've learned about the oxford comma, there are a lot of things that stand out! Pronouncing "my penis" The high number of exceptions to 'rules,' especially with pronunciation I've watched many people over the years try to learn it, and the one thing *everyone* who didn't grow up speaking it gets wrong is what gender an object is. This is true for any language that has that feature, and is even true for me when I try to learn a *different* language that has that, since there's no consistency between languages. Reddit, what happened to your marriage/long-term relationship? [Serious]  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* It's still going strong after 21 years. it is on-going. Well, my ex-wife has some pretty bad anger issues and would get violent, so I (eventually) walked away from that one.

My last long-term relationship (which lasted longer than my marriage), we just... stopped thinking about each other in that context. At some point I realised she was more like my sister than my girlfriend, and at that point a *lot* of stuff is just *creepy*. So we pretty much mutually decided that we had a very good relationship, but that it had reached the end of the "romantic" stage and we moved on. We're still good friends, but there's absolutely zero romantic attraction. We have our ups and downs but we're still going. What is a sign that the "Good Old Days" have ended? . Mom doesn't read us to sleep anymore and now we're stressed out. When you get bills These ARE the "Good Old Days" ..or at least they will be in 40 years time. When summer isn't a "celebration" like it used to be. When you're young summer means you don't have to go to school and you get to spend a couple months worry free. Even as you get to high school you might have a part time job but its still a care free environment. College comes and you're spending 4 months doing full-time work, but there is still a means to an end. Once graduation comes, work is work 12 months a year. You might get one or two weeks vacation you can choose to take in summer months, but the "good old days" of 2-4 months of playing outside, going to the beach mid-week, and late night partying are gone. I wish there was a way to know you're in the good old days before you've actually left them. Redditors, what are some "slang" words or local dialect from where you are from that no one else would understand?  Cunnin - cute/adorable, a puppy could be cunnin or a you might point out a girl and say "damn she fuckin cunnin"

Kife - to steal "did you just kife my pen?"

Gommy - awkward/clumsy "help me pick this up, it's not heavy just a bit gommy"

Dubbin round - doing nothing / fucking off. Hey what are you doing? Eh just dubbin


We also use negatives sometimes even though it's not grammatically correct. You might try something for the first time "well let's see if I *can't* do this" or when agreeing with someone "so *don't* I" I'm sure people understand it, but I get strange looks for using "Hella" when I'm not in northern California. Let me learn you something, I believe it's almost strictly a southern thing.  Basically means let me teach you something. I'm not entirely sure how much it is still said today, but in Cincinnati  people will say "Please" instead of "what did you say", "huh" or some other way to get someone to repeat themselves.

It can get super confusing. In Milwaukee we drink from bubblers We call hoodies (as others would call them), bunny hugs
This is Saskatchewan Looking for the bubbler in college was always a challenge. I have tons! I'm from the South but moved to the Midwest (USA) and I confused a lot of people. 
Buggy= shopping cart
Fixin' supper= cooking dinner. Not that anything was wrong with it 
The devil is beating his wife= it's raining but the sun is still out 
Come hell or high water= no matter what 
Right quick = quickly 
Grocery store feet= when your feet turn black from walking around barefoot My girlfriend often says that something "blacks me out, man". Which is an extremely Los Angeles slang for "blows my mind" Apparently kitty-corner is just a Midwest thing... redd up

Kennywood's open I'm from Canada, when I say eh it means I am asking for Input or an answer.


Example: 


That's pretty lame eh? 

She's hot eh? Not sure how localized this is, but in New England (USA) we often call sub sandwiches *'grinders'*. [ I'm not a local, but have been here so long I like to think I am.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXs9cf2YWwg) [Here is a little more](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_Tider) Mad can be used for a Few different words. You can say, that sandwich was mad tasty. Or I drank mad water today 

Also, bootleg. It is used as a substitution  for shitty. For example, this song is bootleg

Or you can say, this song is mad bootleg Knew someone from Wisconsin who would use the term "bang a Steve" when referring to making a U-turn. 

Caught me off guard initially. I'm from Pittsburgh. I once got confused stares in Indianapolis because I talked funny. They had no idea what a gum band was (rubber band) Thob, pronounced like "though" with a B on the end

It's essentially the same as wack, or lame or stupid. 

Oakey is an older slang word that also means the same thing "Thinks who he is".   
From New York, mostly a thing in the Italian neighborhoods.    
Basically means someone who is full of themselves, probably came from "who does he think he is" as in:    
"Look at this prick acting like he's better than everyone. He fuckin' thinks who he is, that's his fuckin' problem" I've got a couple colloquialisms from South Carolina I heard growing up.  It's not so much that people wouldn't understand them, but if you're new to the area and heard them used it would probably take a second for it to "click" for you.

"Nuttier than a squrriel turd".  Basically means "that dude is crazy/an idiot"

"I was too drunk to fish" - pretty self explanatory.

Then there's some actual southern slang:
"Catywompus" means messed up, dissarayed, or not how it should be.  E.g. "I went to bed after a shower and now my hair is all catywompus"

"Thingamasquiger"  whatever the user is pointing at/refering too but can't remember the name.

There's lots more I can't remember off the top of my head. I recieved a text message from an unknown number a while ago, it said "yo ni**a this tat is chips no bull u fucked me up." Definitely had the wrong number. I assume "chips" means really bad? Here in Seattle we call uncool people "lamestains". From Canada:

Chirp - to make fun of. "He's been chirping you all period."

Tilly - fight "They got in to a tilly after the whistle."

Sauce - pass "Sauce me that stick."

Bucket - helmet or hat of any kind

Randy - right

Lahey (LAY-he) - left

Steve - straight Firme - it's Mexican slang From Miami:

* Refi - short for refugee. I think it's the same as FOB elsewhere

* pata sucia - translates to "someone with dirty feet". used as a condescending term towards the type of girl who would take off her shoes at a club.

* casa del carajo - middle of nowhere

* eating shit - just chilling or hanging around. it's a literal translation from Spanish

* a mission - anything that wasn't easy to do "Pard"

It's short for Partner. So calling someone "Pard" or "Howdy pard" is just saying Hi. For example I'm from Dundee and "to ken someone" means "to know someone" "Regelen" means making out in Dutch. But only if you're a student in Delft. "Braai"
Super South African and it means to Grill. Gooch/ Gooching: to myopically find offense in the most innocuous exchanges for attention. 

"I don't know why Erin is so upset, all I said is "hello" to her"

"Don't mind her, she's just Gooching" I'm from a county called Suffolk in the UK, and we say 'on the huh' if something is wonky or crooked. Philadelphia = jawns    
     
I'm not from Philly, and I still have trouble understanding what it means. Yellow Hammers is a derogatory term that was used in the small Illinois town I lived in referring to kind of "inbreed" people that had lived there for many generations. My wife said that her makeup was "on fleek" the other day. I haven't got a fucking clue what she is on about. I am from Utah and we use the word sluff when we are talking about skipping class. I.e. I think I am going to sluff math today. If anything important happens let me know. >Hamajang

All messed up.  "did you see his outfit today? All hamajang"

>Murf

Swole, muscular.  "After working out all summer, Jared is lookin MURF."

>Fi'fo'fo

this one has some layers. In japanese, the number five is "go" and the number four is "shi". In hawaiian pidgin, to "shi shi" is to urinate.  so, to fi'fo'fo is to go to urinate.  "Hurry up already! I need fi'fo'fo!" * What are you saying?

* Wanna bun? When I lived in England for a year I realised some of the slang I used (Northern Irish) wasn't as widespread as I thought.

"Fuck up (command)" - kinda like "Get real" or "Shut the fuck up" depending on context.  

"Scundered" - Embarrassed.  

"Wee" - As in "small" but used almost like a filler adjective for fucking everything, regardless of size.

"hoop" - butthole.  Like, "you fell on yer hoop".

"catch yourself on" - come to your senses, get a hold of yourself, etc.

"gutties" - Plimsolls (y'know, those shitty slip-on shoes kids wear during PE)  

"a chip" - as opposed to a portion of chips.

"hoke/hoak" (never seen it written down) - to look for something Not sure how far this spreads but Wisconsin area for sure.

- or/er no?    "Did you want to go to the lake er no?"

- real quick    "Lets go to the lake real quick."

- You drink from a bubbler, water fountain is a decoration, soda is a drink, pop is a sound You: Well I *unintelligible wording*

Me: Please?

As in, I didn't understand you- please repeat yourself. I usually default to "I'm sorry?" though as I believe it's more widely known. Pututoy. It means penis. "Up and down". I need to get up and down with Bobby, I haven't seen him in weeks. "On the cool" in place of "honestly"
Ex. "On the cool, this party kinda sucks" In South Wales, the word "scram" can mean scratch. So, someone might say, "The cat may scram you" or "My cat just scrammed me!" 
Of course, it also means "to leave", as in, "Let's get out of here!" which is more widely recognised. shootin' the shit- hanging out casually

spinning his spurs- talking about something he/she doesn't know about i.e. " He's just spinnin' his spurs every time he opens his damn mouth"

dead broke- a really, really well trained horse

green broke/fresh- a really young untrained horse

Also not a slang word but something I hear a ton of people say: "Fuck me and the horse I road in on!" = well shit. Im fucked. 


From Flagstaff Arizona! It could just be very specific to my office in fact, but 'going for tinks' means going to the loo. 

Tinks short for tinkles of course. Guys of Reddit, what makeup do you hate on girls (i.e. eyeliner, lipstick, eyeshadow...etc)?  Painted on eyebrows. not makeup but I can't stand collagen injected lips I don't find the bright red lipstick very attractive. Reminds me too much of a clown. The largest problem I find with make up on women is the girls who use too much.

You only need the right amount to enhance the visuals, you're not making a cake on your face If long nails or weirdly painted nails count, that's what I really dislike. That thing where people draw a line from their eye to the side of their head - does that make sense? As a dude, sometimes I feel like being pretty, but I don't own any makeup. Dark lipstick. I don't even. This whole trend of making your lips five times their natural size. It's fucking bizarre. light blue eyeshadow - it just makes you look sick Eyeshadow is often the culprit. Also lip liner and blush are involved in many makeup screw-ups. However I think any of them are fine if done properly.

It's common for guys to claim they prefer a "natural look," but I think almost anyone looks better with good, tasteful makeup. I imagine many of those "natural beauties" are wearing makeup that you don't really notice. I think the point is no one finds it attractive when someone pastes makeup on and looks like a dime-store whore.

Just be extra careful with eyeshadow. Eye lash gunk and skin thats been tangoed. Dunno about other guys but I'm fine with most types of makeup,  it is the amount that bothers me,  if I'm out with a girl my clothes end up covered in it. I've had the makeup discussion with my wife a few times.  I'm very anti-makeup, she occasionally likes to wear it.

After much back and forth, she finally put it a way I found easier to understand:  For her, wearing makeup is about making her feel better about herself, not making her seem more attractive to society/specific people.  Some days she just feels a little down on herself and putting on a bit makes her feel better.  That really flicked on the lightbulb for me and I don't mention it/bother her about it anymore.

That being said, I don't much care for lipstick (or any of the lip volumizing things), it's just too artificial and monster movie-ish.

And nails.  Everyone's nails should be neat and trimmed.  Long nails suck for everyone.  Girls don't want long nails near their bits, guys don't want long nails grabbing our dicks. It's all good if used in moderation. except for eyebrows. If you feel the need to change them, for the love of all that is holy, please just do a little tweezing. Do not wax them off and paint ridiculous looking things on. And never never never tattoo them on permanently. In my opinion makeup should be used to accentuate your features. [Just don't do this](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-IzGYe_TXDoQ/TqYwmLIxGVI/AAAAAAABtYU/PHprHgP2yt8/s1600/too-much-makeup.jpg) Clown paint. As long as you don't look like the joker with the amount you put on it all looks fine.

EDIT: words No particular kind/type/color...  more of a dislike for the quantity some use.

If you are slathering your makeup on with a bricklaying trowel (or look like you do), you might want to consider moderating the application a bit. Fake eyebrows. Also, makeup that looks like Crayola. If your teeth aren't the whitest, red lipstick can be very unflattering (in my opinion.) Fake eyebrows look super weird. Like when they just draw that shit on. I honestly don't care as long as it's not over done. If a girl feels like she needs lipstick or eyeliner mascara blush etc. I don't mind. When they put enough to look like a painting done by a Five year old well... Makeup that doesn't match the skin colour that doesn't have makeup on it, meaning there's an abrupt line around her chin/jawline where her face radically changes colour. Any lip product that makes them sticky and then transfers to my mouth. Foundation. Jeez it always comes out like you either have an unbelievably sweaty face or a patchy face. 

Excessive eyeshadow also looks weird like your over doing it.

We just want to see a little makeup to enhance the features you already have like subtle eyeliner or something. I'm basically following the crowd here, but "too much". 

I've seen both plain and pretty girls look a lot better with a subtle touch of makeup. I've never seen any girl look better for having her face plastered under a solid layer. 

And mime-style shocked eyebrows. WTF? black eyeliner around the eyeballs or any ostentatious color like mimi blue or green Lipstick, because "don't kiss me, I've got lipstick on" and it stays on your lips afterwards i especially hate caked-on foundation, but im not a fan of makeup in general. It's best when it's minimal and natural looking. any overly bright or colored makeup that makes you look like a clown is pretty bad too Bright red lipstick is the worst, but I find just about any type of makeup unattractive. Sure, the girl might look 'uglier' without it on, but it's amazing to see just how beautiful someone can be even without anything helping them. pretty much all of it. Some girls look better without makeup Anything noticeable. If it blends in well, awesome.

Most lipstick for instance is incredibly noticeable. And a lot of women don't know how to put on makeup. I much prefer a girl with just a little bit rather than a lot of it. why paint a beautiful rose? my granddad used to say that Just a little to cover up blemishes or to enhance your *already* beautiful face. I don't need a cake, it's not my birthday.

EDIT: Also, dark or black lipstick. [Gross!](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/11/1c/96/111c961a2b4867b7fb0ce350966029c0.jpg) If you're attractive naturally, the less makeup the better.

If you're unattractive you really need to tailor your makeup game. Listen to the advice in this thread.

Basically a message to attractive women: use as little makeup as possible. That ridiculous blue eye shadow, makes you girls look a little clown like. [deleted] To be honest I hate just about all makeup. I think what makes a girl the most pretty is her ability to show her physical flaws yet still have the courage and pride to accept that that's who she is and embrace it to the world. I'm slightly off-topic, but I am compelled to say that high-waisted bottoms and sock buns are two of the worst things a woman can add to her look. All and every makeup, except on special occasions.

No, I don't like very little. No I don't like "Almost not there". I like my women natural. What was your Larry David moment?  I saw someone I went to high school with and ignored them, I didn't wanna do a "stop-n-chat". I hit a bird on the way back to work this morning. It was at interstate speeds... I thought he was going to make it but i winged him, no pun intended. I feel terrible

Edit: i dont know who larry david is. Whoa! Somebody woke up on the wrong side of the bed. What's got you in such a pissy mood today?  knowing I have to wait 9 months for more game of thrones. I was awake until after 2 and had to be up for work at 6. I had to drive today instead of sleeping in the passenger seat. I had forgotten to get gas and when I stopped for gas on the turnpike, the card reader didn't work, so I bailed and almost ran out. When I stopped at the shitty, horrible gas station next to my parking spot, I found out I had to go inside to prepay, the pay-at-pump was not working. The asshole who pulled into the gas station ahead of me parked in between the two pumps on that side so i had to circle all the way around to get on the other end. Inconsiderate dick. 

Also being at work blows. If I don't have any food I will start killing people. Food is the secret to happiness. Don't listen to other people's bs about friends being the key to happiness. Food is love food is life. My neighbor's children are out of school and have a karaoke machine in the backyard. I spend most of the summer in a bad mood. Girlfriend.. Argentina's defeat to Chile last night. And fact that Messi has quit the national squad makes it worse. I've gotten to the point where I don't want to come into work anymore. Had  another dream about a tsunami coming in while I'm on the beach with my whole family and I've got to spend the entire night trying to get them to safety. usually one gets left somewhere on the beach and I have to come down from safety usually on a high building and save them. All the while, im scared shitless, the waters coming in, and everything's so vivid. I wake up feeling tired and exhausted. [Serious] Diabetic redditors, what was your near death experience?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* When i was walking with my brother coming back from the park a car that hadnt slowed down from highway speeds lost control and missed us by about 5 feet If you could receive stock options with any company without being an employee which company would you choose?  Berkshire Class A Oculus Rift Samsung. Or GE. Tesla or Solar City. Right now everyone is talking shit, but I'll see you fuckers once Elon Musk makes me rich and saves the human race. Hyperloop One **ENRON** Those who were suddenly physically or mentally disabled after an accident or medical situation, how did the sudden change effect your life?  I was hit by a car.

I wasnt seriously injured, had my leg in a cast for a few months and they say i lost a bit of mobility in my leg but its not even remotely noticable. But It changed my life a lot.

Because of that accident I wasnt graded at PE, and then got into a great HS and got an amazing scholarship.

I also got a lot of money from it. I broke my right arm in grade 7. Does that count?

Four weeks in a hand to shoulder cast, then four more in a hand to elbow.
Showing involved tapping a garbage bag over my arm.  
Cleaning oneself after using the toilet takes some practice.  
Finding a sleeping position is also a unique challenge. I shattered the tip of my thumb in a car door.  Ended up not being able to that whole arm for a few months.  As a result, I learned how to use dictation software so I could talk to people on IRC, and now I can open just about any type of pill bottle with my non-dominant hand. which is your favorite car?  The [Ford GT40](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_GT40). ASTON MARTIN DB5

My all time best looking car [Jaguar E-Type, with the 4.2 motor](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/05/15/article-2628854-1DA407A500000578-302_634x407.jpg) Maybe the most beautiful open-bodied car ever:

http://talacrest.com/images/stock/44489.jpg VW Bus. I just really want one to road trip in. Lancia Delta Integrale for something retro, but maybe a Merc C63 for modern. [1965 Shelby Cobra](http://www.americandreamcars.com/1965factory5cobrakitcar1109.jpg) 1968 [Mustang Fastback](http://www.mustangevolution.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/11/1968-mustang-004-1-585x351.jpg) [Il Tempo Gigante](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-emf-iVJh7qk/TiWtPGngFwI/AAAAAAAAEF0/bxhFrJy8ErI/s640/Il_Tempo_Gigante.jpg) Mazda RX-8. I smile every time when I see my beauty each morning. People will hate me for this, but am I the only one who doesn't "get" older cars? I think cars before a certain year are just downright ugly. I think the modern amenities, engineering and overall quality just makes cars look better. 1959 Corvette....swooooon. Zondas and Koenigseggs have always tickled my fancy [My dream project - 67 Chevelle pro-touring](http://image.superchevy.com/f/75394981+w667+h1000+q80+re0+cr1/1967-chevrolet-chevelle-rear-side-view.jpg) [1971 Volkswagen Bus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volkswagen_Type_2#Second_generation_.28T2.3B_1967.E2.80.931979.29). The simplest engine and transmission, power brakes and tons of room inside. Currently it is the Rolls-Royce Ghost. Porsche 918 with the weissach package. your face My car. Batmobile What is made more awkward by mentioning it's awkwardness?  silence Awkward silence The obvious answer is silence. Sure, it can be a little awkward to have a lull in conversation, but normal people can accept a moment of silence between talking points, and understand that the air around you doesn't need to be filled with voices the entire time, but as soon as someone says "awkwaaaard", it's instantly 10x more awkward. exposed genitals Redditors who have been unjustly fired, what happened?  I used to work for a very small software company (like 5 employees including the boss). The head programmer did *not* like me. At all. The boss was away for a couple of weeks, and when he got back he heard about me constantly skipping work and not being helpful when I was there. None of which was true, but it was his word against mine since nobody else would say anything. Company moved to a different state.  Was able to increase workforce and cut costs.. but they didn't take any of us, or even give us the option to re-locate at our own expense.  We just got told that the building was shutting down and everyone would be laid off in 14 days. When did you get(or will you) married and why?  I realized I didn't want to spend the rest of my life with anyone else. I don't know if I will or not. The tax savings are pretty appealing, but neither me nor my girlfriend really care about weddings. My wife wanted a big wedding. I wanted a Corvette. Sounded like a reasonable trade. Both in our 30's and together for 12 years already. Next year. I'll be 31. My fiance proposed to me this spring, so we're hoping to pull something off late next summer before our 7th anniversary. I got married when I was 19 and because I was (and still am) ridiculously in love with my girlfriend/wife. If you could choose one song to describe your life right now, what would it be?  Too Much Too Soon - Green Day Because I got high.

But replace the got high with was online. Hakuna Matata What movie did you see more than once in the cinema?  Oh god.... 

Here goes.. 

Twilight. 

I know I know, I can walk myself to the gallows. The Force Awakens

I saw it 6 times. Fury - 7 times. The Revenant, Batman Begins. There's more, I just can't remember Zootopia. The kid in me thought it'd be great. The adult in me was blown away by the social commentary. The only one I've ever seen twice in the cinema was Django Unchained. I saw all the Lord of the Ring movies multiple times when they were out. I saw Pineapple Express 5 times showing different sets of friends who I knew would love it.

Pokemon the First Movie has my all time record of 10 times. Various field trips and screenings with friends. Dances With Wolves and Batman (Michael Keaton) Toy Story 3 I saw Creed three times and both Fast 7 and The Revenant twice. The Dark Knight. Twice in IMAX, including midnight opening day, once in regular. *Monty Python And The Holy Grail*  

15 times Recently, Zootopia and Nice Guys The Lion King - 5 times
Guardians of the Galaxy - 3 times
Star Wars: The Force Awakens - 2 times
Star Trek (2009) - 2 times I was 13 when Star Wars came out.  Saw it opening night.  For that entire summer, whenever I could scrape together 75 cents I was at the movie.  Saw it 26 times that summer...a couple of those times, I just went to the bathroom until the next show so I didn't have to pay again.. *sigh* I saw Titanic 3 times. Star Wars - I think I was around 8 years old when it came out. I saw it probably 7 or 8 times. Nothing yet, I've been saving my first time seeing a movie multiple times.  Star Trek Beyond releases in 25 days. I'm ready. *Jurassic Park*. I covered my eyes the first time when the *T. rex* ate the guy, & then on the 2nd viewing I didn't! I was 8. I also saw *Waterworld* about 3 times. The Cabin in the Woods - 5 times (once by myself and 4 times with different groups)


Sinister - 3 times (once at an advance screening, and twice with friends) The Dictator.

Actually saw it at home first pirated, then went to see it with some friends, and then a girl i liked. What facts are both true for Turkey in general and Turkeys in general?  They are both considered to be endangered species. Erdogan, just like an actual turkey, is a fat stupid wiggle-necked cunt. Neither like thanks giving My grandfather hated them.

He was a Greek man whom preferred lamb. I've been in both Turkeys can't fly. Judging only by the title, what's the best subreddit?  r/bestof /r/Uwotm8 /r/milf /r/wowthissubexists_nsfw /r/UNBGBBIIVCHIDCTIICBG/ Is first class air travel worth the added cost? Why or why not?  I guess it depends on how posh you think that your accommodations must be.  If I were flying overseas, I would definitely opt for Business or First Class.  If I were just flying a puddle jumper somewhere close, I would take the cheapest seat I could find. Is eating at a 5-star restaurant worth paying more for than Applebees? Both get you what you want, but you're paying for luxury... which is entirely up to you. If you have money to spare on it then I'd say it's worth it for long international flights.  The mere fact that you can recline your seats all the way makes the trip so much less stressful on your body. I don't think so, paying 3 times as much for a recliner ain't shit. Do your research - how first class is first class? Comparing it to what, business or economy? How long is the flight? What is the seat like? What is the club lounge like? Do you get a massive more amount of rewards?

IMHO, for example, BA long haul, First is worth it if you are flying ex-LHR, just for the Concord Lounge. On board, the seat and food are not worth the extra thousands of pounds compared to their business class, so just do it for the lounge and fly Club on the way back. 

If you're taking a 3 hour domestic flight (especially in the US) might not be worth it. It's worth it if you have the money for it. If you have to take out loans/max your credit cards/go into debt, then no, it's not. What are the funniest or most useful Google Chrome extensions?  ADBLOCK How do you like your tea?  Black, no sugar. Strong. Earl Grey, hot. The colour of Pocahontas With extra whiskey.

And no tea. Black as my soul and sugarless. Sweet and iced. with lemon, honey, and just a bit of go fuck yourself and your unoriginal question. People who don't work and do not have kids, how do you survive?  Because when you're living the dream you're too happy to eat. No job AND no kids? Can you say jackpot? Cats I have a friend who is 35 and doesn't work and lives at home with his mom. He is psychologically stuck at around 19 years old, smokes pot all day (steadily moving towards alcoholism on top of that), and basically just relies upon the generosity of his aging mother. He doesn't have aspirations. He admits that he is depressed but doesn't want to take any steps to remedy his situation. It was still kinda ok when we were getting into our late 20's, but now that we're in our mid-30's, it's just sad. I'm a housewife, but don't have any kids. My husband works, I take care of everything around the house. I used to work, have worked temp jobs now and then in the years I've been a housewife, and will start working a steady job again early next year. I'm married and my husband works. I'm about to be on disability so that will be a little more money coming in but hubby's doing well enough for both of us. If I didn't have him I'd need a roommate or to downsize. What's the dumbest shit you'd waste your money on if you were really rich?  I like when they use that razor to shave the back of your head/neck when getting a hair cut.

I would pay someone to do just that part daily. I'd pay someone to wash my hair for me every morning, like they do at a salon. Fucking love that shit. chaturbate tokens. I'd install bidets everywhere I use the bathroom regularly. Brand new Ferrari. Donked out on 30 inch wheels. Waffles. Tasty waffles with lots of syrup extremely expensive alcohol and food/restaurants A personal chef.

I love trying new foods all the time, but I don't want to spend all the effort/time buying diverse products and cooking them. A few years ago, my brother and I were talking with some of our friends about what we'd buy if we were really rich.  Talk turned to exotic sports cars.  
Eventually, one of our friends said "Really, it would be a waste of money.  I'd never drive that fast."  
My brother replied "I would.  I'd be dead in a week."

So I'm going with a car that goes faster than I'd ever drive it. I don't know if it is dumb but I would make a huge adult ball pit. I love ball pits and the people at Chucky Cheese look at me weird now that I am an adult. Buy an ice cream truck -Ron Weasley A fully functional Batmobile. Liquor, cocaine and ocelots Other people. A bathtub filled with melted milk chocolate. At least one or two bespoke suits from a Savile Row tailor in London.

dumb because I rarely wear suits. One of the ugliest and slowest looking cars I could find just to tune the hell out of it.Just to see the look of surprise in peoples faces. A golden shark tank bar. I would hire models to do all the stuff around my house.  Cooking, cleaning, yard work, whatever.  It's all hot women wearing as little clothing as is practical for the task at hand. A boat. I would buy a shit ton of those magic water pearls and fill a swimming pool with them! Alcohol and partying. oh wait. I'd drive to the entrance of Walmarts and just toss cash out of my window. You know, the ancient Roman elite used to enjoy front row seats to gladiatorial combat.

I'd do the same. I'd pay someone to shop for me and to organize my clothes for me.

Not necessarily clean and be a maid, but to constantly buy me new clothes and to organize them in an aesthetic manner would be super. Rally car. A great way to pour an infinite amount of money into a disturbingly brief period of excitement. Pound sterling convenience stuff. 

Shit I hate doing like filling ice trays. Spotify Premium Bail and lawyers.

Personal air fleet consisting of one 777 and one c5a if i could get it.

A large fee to a good PI agency to thoroughly investigate selected prominent politicians just to find out what kind of people they are in ordinary life, followed by a second large fee to whoever could document and broadcast samples of their lives that point their characteristics out.

A fleet of dog-shit-dropping drones (this is where the bail and stuff would come in). TAXES I'd get a fridge just for hotpockets just to annoy my gf and occasionally enjoy myself some slightly-better-than-before junkfood. I might get married again.  That'd be a really dumb way to spend my money. Those Counter-Strike knife skins.. Ingame items Buying everyone Reddit gold. Penis enlargement Much like Cartman, I hate lines.  I would spend a ridiculous amount to make sure I never have to wait in lines. I would buy every single lego set. Car audio. Watches. Old clunker cars. WinRaR licence A Ninja Turles van, and a Scooby Doo van. I plan on buying Citrix (The company) and liquidating it. Hydraulic press, and a lot of coconuts to crush. I would buy a house next door to my house and adopt a bunch of animals and have them live in the house Drugs. Mountains of them. For mixed snacks like trail mix or Chex mix, I'd hire someone to provide me with perfectly proportioned handfuls to ensure maximum satisfaction with each bite. No more accidentally eating a mouthful of only pretzels when I'm wanting a Chex or bread piece. My trail mix mouthfuls would always be in a 2:1:1 ration of peanuts to m&m to raisin. an ice sculpture of dirk nowitzki I would buy an apartment building and slowly hide safes in each apartment. Inside each safe would be a single expired coupon for a whopper.

I'd also buy a cruise ship, except redesign it to be like a floating fortress/ palace so it has giant cannons, turrets etc as well as a pool and buffet. It would travel around in international waters 24/7 and I'd secretly use it to gain control over the various pirate groups around the world.

Personal airport on every continent for my own use only. It'd still observe all the appropriate laws but I wouldn't have to deal with long lines, airline delays or rude security screenings (those fuckers will get abandoned in New Dehli without shoes if they give me attitude.)

Hire someone to make and receive all calls for me. I hate talking on the phone, so never again will I be subjected to that almost outdated form of communication. 

7ft long bathtub so as a grown man I can comfortably take a bath without having to raise my legs halfway to the showerhead to get my hair wet. Freemium gaming Your mom Your mom... Clash Royale ... (my god it was so embarrassing to even write it down) What is the moment(s) in your life that felt unimportant at the time, but turned out to be a defining point in your life?  When I was in college I took a job as a telemarketer because I needed a job and this company was known for feeding its employees while they worked. 

After a few weeks I loved it, I met some amazing friends, and most importantly it changed my career direction to a job I like that pays the bills far better than my previous career aspirations would have.

I never would have guessed? What products should you NEVER pay full price for?  Furniture. Always go used, negotiate down. Vehicles. Games on Steam, even video games in general nowadays.  Unless it's some game that you absolutely NEED on release day there's no reason to pay full price.  

Between Amazon and Best Buy you can save 20% very easily.  Plus games will usually go on sale very quickly after release. Cable. Just steal your neighbor's. Clothing. There's no reason not to have some kind of a discount on whatever clothing you buy. Boats. Crazy expensive and have extremely long lives. New ones are going to break as much as an old one anyway... What is the best Webcomic?  Xkcd.com http://nedroid.com/    
This comic is always on point. Jabcomix [Serious] Hey Reddit, what does "homophobic" mean to YOU? Care to give examples?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Morgan Freeman said, "There's no such thing as a homophobe. Phobia implies fear. You're not afraid...you're just an asshole." It means being mean, prejudiced, or hateful to gay people simply for being gay. It does not mean making gay jokes or being an asshole to a gay person for an unrelated or no reason. "Well I'm not homophobic but why do they have to act so gay. Just keep it to yourself." - the most common homophobic phrase Believing that LGBT+ people are something other than what we say we are. Thinking we can be "turned straight" if you hit on us enough, or that we are confused and there aren't scientifically-based biological explanations for being LGBT+. Anyone who treat someone as "the other" because of their homosexuality. Homophobia to me is when men feel angry/uncomfortable when other men treat them like they themselves treat women Bais or prejudice against someone because they are homosexual.

"Phobia" is a shitty suffix for it, just like with trypophobia. People gotta sotp throwing that phobia on the end of anything without considering what it means. I think the structure of the word demands a fear of homosexuals or homosexuality, but common usage has changed it to mean anyone that disagrees with homosexuality or some element of its exercise in society (i.e. gay marriage or allowing gay people in the military). It's synonymous with "weakling." 

Seriously, if watching my BF and me kiss gets you frothing-at-the-mouth angry, you're every stripe of pathetic. Or, more likely, concealing a boner. Just to be clear: I asked this question in order to get a feel for what this word means to different people "in real life," since I'm pretty sure most people define it differently than the word itself would suggest ("fear of homosexuals"). I DIDN'T  ask it to offend anybody. Reddit, what should you do when someone you know in real life discovers your account?  Gradually make your posts more and more insane just to fuck with them. See if it affects how they treat you. Have multiple accounts so your main is free and clear of anything you don't want people to see or know. BURN THEM ALL Nothing. They should expect to see a different side of you since the feeling of anonymity changes how you post. You can tell them it's how you talk to people who don't know you and probably never will. Meh?

In today's society currently, and especially going forward as tech/info gathering "improves", NOTHING you post online will actually remain anonymous.

I don't post anything online I'd not be willing to see as part of the media's 24/7 news churn.

10 years from now, anything you  have said here and elsewhere online will be searchable by your real identity. Ideally, you should have a few accounts that you swap around with other people to conceal your identities. Commit Seppuku. dickpic Fake your death.  Then create a new account. Im not sure which one would be more embarrassing, the hentai or the making cards for hearthstone. 

brb deleting account Best credit card for airline miles and cash back rewards (US)?  What happened to that smart kid in your school?  I was the smart kid at my school.

Now I am not so smart anymore. School takes work, and being the smart kid I never had to work in primary school, that resultet in average scores in HS and now below average scores in Uni. But im working on it(or not really since right now I ought to be studying) he's typing this comment He's rock climbing somewhere in Wales, I think He went on to to get a electrical engineering degree, taught English in Korea, got his master's in electrical engineering in China through a GA Tech foreign exchange program, got a job with the U.S. government as an engineer and is at this moment typing this comment. Currently he's at Ohio state working on a pharmacology degree. Went on to get a scholarship to med school, became a GP, got married last year and is now pregnant. Well done her. I can't even hate her coz she's too nice. What's your popular opinion which you're willing to share even if it gets you upvoted into oblivion?  Cats are cute. It's never ok to rape anyone, ever. People who learnt to not hold grudges anymore, how did you do it?  Turn the grudge into a lesson. Remove the anger from the equation, and the person from your life. "Then Peter came to Jesus and asked, ?Lord, how many times shall I forgive my brother or sister who sins against me? Up to seven times??

22 Jesus answered, ?I tell you, not seven times, but seventy-seven times.[g]

23 ?Therefore, the kingdom of heaven is like a king who wanted to settle accounts with his servants. 24 As he began the settlement, a man who owed him ten thousand bags of gold[h] was brought to him. 25 Since he was not able to pay, the master ordered that he and his wife and his children and all that he had be sold to repay the debt.

26 ?At this the servant fell on his knees before him. ?Be patient with me,? he begged, ?and I will pay back everything.? 27 The servant?s master took pity on him, canceled the debt and let him go.

28 ?But when that servant went out, he found one of his fellow servants who owed him a hundred silver coins.[i] He grabbed him and began to choke him. ?Pay back what you owe me!? he demanded.

29 ?His fellow servant fell to his knees and begged him, ?Be patient with me, and I will pay it back.?

30 ?But he refused. Instead, he went off and had the man thrown into prison until he could pay the debt. 31 When the other servants saw what had happened, they were outraged and went and told their master everything that had happened.

32 ?Then the master called the servant in. ?You wicked servant,? he said, ?I canceled all that debt of yours because you begged me to. 33 Shouldn?t you have had mercy on your fellow servant just as I had on you?? 34 In anger his master handed him over to the jailers to be tortured, until he should pay back all he owed.

35 ?This is how my heavenly Father will treat each of you unless you forgive your brother or sister from your heart.?"
Matthew 18

Basically, be merciful like our Father in Heaven is merciful. I just try to meditate on the forgiveness of God and how we should extend our gratitude as forgiveness to our fellow man. ?Holding onto anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die." I've always had a bit of a temper. I realized this as a child. So, in order to keep myself from making stupid mistakes, I learned to let things go. Or, as I used to say "slide off my back."

It wasn't easy. Pride is a difficult thing to overcome, and that's what is usually hurt most when you're holding a grudge. What I came to realize is that, generally speaking, shit people say or do about or to you is NOT going to affect you in the long run unless you let it. 

There are exceptions to this, of course, but I believe that for the most part things are only as bad as you let them be. If you decide something isn't worth your time, worth holding a grudge about, then it becomes irrelevant and holds no power over you anymore Honestly, I now consider it a waste of my energy. Plus, I think that everybody gets their just deserts (desserts?) in the end, without me having to bring it about or worry about it. I learned it through losing relationships with people over stupid small transgressions that, retrospectively weren't all that important in the grand scheme. 

Note: some grudges should be kept. People who have proven to be fundamentally untrustworthy will often reaffirm that and do not deserve forgiveness. Spin it to give yourself closure. 

My first girlfriend cheated on me after 6 years. I struggled for about 2 weeks and then found peace by thanking her. She saved me from being with a terrible person. 

When it's hard to move past the grudge or finding something positive about the scenario, find closure in something negative. Your priority should be making yourself feel better, since you only have a grudge if you've been wronged by someone. 

Did someone take something from you? Look at their life... they need it. 

Did someone do something bad to you? They've spared you a future in which you're still in their company. I eventually just.. stopped seeing the point. First it was the school grudges. I figured that I had grown and changed and those people probably had too. Then I eventually noticed that I was really angry and upset about things that happened a long time ago, that weren't even that big, the I had recovered from already. I just didn't see the point of being mad about that stuff anymore.

Now I can leave my grudges really quickly. I never forget that people have been assholes but I don't care about getting even and I don't care about retaining hatred for them. It's pretty nice. Redditors, what's your best "You won't believe me" story?  Not my story but my old History Teachers;

He was in a pub and had his beer on the table behind him, however some chap kept picking it up and drinking my teacher's beer instead of his own which was a few inches further along the table. My teacher watched him do this for a few minutes and eventually tapped him on the shoulder to confront him.

Turns out it was Rowan Atkinson, who profusely apologised and bought him another pint. What is an awful movie that would be a fantastic Broadway musical?  Troll 2 Mortal Kombat What's the sluttiest thing you've done? How do you feel about it now?  haha nice try dad. Karmawhoring all the time. I regret nothing.

Edit: I also kissed a girl once. When in Ibiza I had sex with a woman on a beach in full view of everyone. Atheists of reddit: When people say that Atheism is a religion what reason do you give when you say that it's not?  Never had anyone say it's a religion, but I've had people ask 'What proof do you have that there's no God?'

My favourite response to that is 'I don't need proof. I have **faith** that there's no God'

Drives them insane. That it's not a religion anymore than Theism is. There are various atheistic dogma-sets (Marx's children might be the Abrahamics of atheism), but not every atheist subscribes to a dogma-set, nor do they necessarily subscribe to any at all, no more than believers in divinities do. Lumping all atheists together as subscribing to a "religion" just suggests not paying them mind as individuals, which can't lead to useful dialogue.

If they can't play ball with that, they aren't worth talking to further and I disengage. Atheism is a religion in the same way that 'bald' is a hair colour. Sure, if OFF is a TV channel. A religion is several things combined to create an overall cohesive system of belief that is typically shared by a community. Normally, religions usually include such things as:

* Mythology
* Moral Code
* Practiced Rituals
* Communal aspects (believers attending Church every Sunday, etc.)
* Sacred texts
* Specific beliefs in regards to what happens after death.
Etc. Etc.


Atheism is **NOT** a religion since it has *NONE* of those things. All atheism is is stating that God(s) do not exist. That's it. No mythology, no moral code, no practiced rituals, etc. "And not playing video games is a hobby." I ask them where the local house of worship is. "One belief does not constitute a Religion." I never understood why people always get bogged down in the semantics of the word Religion. Most people's definition of religion includes some supreme being. Saying Atheism is a religion is not much different than saying Free Market economies are religious. Belief does not infer religion imo. There is an -ism to most Atheists' approach to life, and that -ism is empiricism.  But empiricism isn't a religion, it's method of using observation and experiment to form conclusions and extend knowledge.  

I think the question arises... but what about moral compass?  How do you know how to behave without a Dogma?  Wouldn't society just devolve into chaos?  My answer is that organizing behavioral rules for society is also empirical.  We observe what works and what doesn't and establish laws and mores based upon those observations and experiences.

Take the 10 commandments injunction against theft.  Did you need a stone tablet from God to figure out that respecting one another's property was a good idea?  Or was that already empirically apparent? I like to consider it a religion.  I'd consider total apathy the true atheism.  Atheism can take a denomination whereby people can actively denounce religion or feel the need to re-educate believers.  An apathetic person just don't give no fucks. Join us at Dudeism.com and learn to just take it easy, man. No need to care what the other religions are doing, just give a "rebel shrug" and abide.
- Reverend Phil They only say that because their upbringing and early childhood brainwashing makes it virtually impossible for them to imagine life *without* religious influence. Well, just to jump from the wikipedia definition:

Religion is a cultural system of behaviors and practices, world views, ethics, and social organisation that relate humanity to an order of existence.

There are no behaviors or practices. A lot of athiests share the same world views, ethics, and even social organizations, but it's not part of any sort of decree from anywhere. Some of us just happen to be like-minded people. Atheism as a religion would be beyond pointless because there is no teaching or way of life described by any doctrine. Easy:

"Show me my creed, my holy book, bitch. Oh wait, no such thing. Idiot." Atheism is a religion the same way "off" is a TV channel. We always hear school curriculums prepare kids for jobs that no longer exists,what should a curriculum that prepares kids for a 21st future look like?  I don't think school should be about career prep. I'd much rather schools focus on literacy (language, math, science), problem solving, and learning how to learn. In higher grades I think those skills ought to be taught in vocation-like classes where possible but not because it's career prep. I think learning problem solving/math skills through something like programming or shops classes is more effective than yet another homework lesson. What we have right now that I think works is using lots of technology because that what most jobs require now. Also something that educates kids on what jobs would be useful and needed in the future. One if those is environmental engineers that try to make construction environmentally conscious and sustainable. I went over this in school. 
Don't get me started on common core that isn't helping at all. it's moving backwards and not encouraging the new generation of jobs but instead teaching us unproductive techniques of explaining our work and building roofs. If you teach kids how to use google from a young age and let them use the internet for their exams, you'll end up with someone like me! My memory is terrible and I do miserably on exams when I'm left to just my own thoughts, but when it comes to the real world, I've taken on 3 technology positions I had no prior training or experience for. 

The human brain stores the location of information instead of the information itself, when it can. It takes up less memory and is easier to store. It's how the brain should work. Kids today are in a great era to become this way. Having people rely on memorizing information that is readily available is pointless and only going to hurt them. The only thing you should know without resources is how to apply and use information you find. How does one become a food critic for The New Yorker?  You have to defeat the incumbent food critic in single combat. Does the New Yorker have a food critic?

From what I can tell, food and restaurant critics are primarily writers who write about food and restaurants.  They aren't necessarily chefs or food experts who take up writing, any more than film critics are directors or actors who take up writing.  They are journalists who, for one reason or another, get assigned the restaurant "beat." Take pictures of everything you eat and write a ton of yelp comments everywhere you go. What product did you come up with before it was a product?  When I was 6 I thought of stick on eyebrows. Sucks that I didn't actually pull through with the idea. Ceiling fan that has variable pitch blades to adjust draft. When have two wrongs made a right?  The [alleged history](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Potato_chip#History) of potato chips is that customer dissatisfaction with the thinness of his cooked/sliced potatoes (wrong #1) eventually led to the cook's being deliberately excessive (wrong #2), only to result in high satisfaction (a 'right').

It might also be said that government restriction (wrong #1), which led to the eventual drafting of the US constitution, would also lead to the revision of that document's inherent flaws (wrong #2). This, of course, made a whole bill of ['rights'](https://www.sadtrombone.com/?autoplay=true). Is there any good and subtlety nerdy artwork that can be hung in an adult's house?  My brother in law has lord of the Rings swords hung in his living room.  I just thought they were regular swords until my husband started referring to them by names. Then I realized it's their secret nerd club. Nope. None. Vintage movie posters. What is your worst/best "my co-worker" story?  Oh my. 

Had a coworker/friend who was quite the alcoholic (he's now been sober for a couple years). One day he comes into the office about three hours late, dead drunk. Sits down, falls asleep. Boss shakes him awake and tells him to get his ass in his office. He falls asleep again, and then starts screaming in his sleep and grabs his mouse and keyboard and throws them across the room. Then he gets up and walks out the back door. He didn't return to work until the next day. My obese coworkers were told by my previous Operations manager (who is also obese) that Dr. Oz was recently promoting a "superfood" bean that would help you lose weight as you eat it.

Apparently, it "melts" fat.

It made me roll my eyes, but my coworkers are desperate for any new fad or diet that doesn't involve putting in any effort.

So they were excited to hear that this non-refutable source of medicine on television was promoting this superfood bean and that they can finally be skinny.

Well, just *three* days later, my coworkers had a conversation nearby my desk;

> Hey, are you still using that bean thing?

>Hah, no. It didn't work for me. I stopped eating that.


Wow.

They also give me their gross left overs all the time, which is nice when I'm hungry but most of the times it's just weird and I think I can blame a few sick days on them. So I don't take their offer anymore unless it was complete untouched for whatever reason. Out of high school I worked at a summer camp. My boss had a crush on me but I wasn't interested because he was a total jerk. He would schedule mandatory meetings with me and this other girl (who he also had a crush on) to shit talk the rest of the staff. He would also wan't me to run errands with just him- it was super creepy. I told him he wasn't my type once and he was acting like a total prick to me. I worked in the snackbar/ souvenir shop area and one week I got super sick. I had a really bad sinus infection/ stomach bug. My boss wanted me to try to work even though I was too sick to. I even got a note from the camp doctor so I ended up in my cabin just resting. Anyways a week after I come back my boss told me he wasn't required to give me time off and did me a favor... [Serious]What is the absolute worst neighborhood you have ever visited? What made it the worst?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Queensbridge housing projects, I helped a girl I knew move there.  As soon as I walked up the stairs there were like 10 guys smoking crack and weed.  They thought I was a cop and I played along and asked them nicely if they could find another building to hang out in.

Surprisingly they thanked me and stopped hanging out there.  That night I called a cab and as I was walking to it, someone started shooting at me.  I jumped in the cab and he took off like a bat out of hell.

The area surrounding the projects is filled with drug dealers, users and thugs.  Seeing a dead body lying on the floor around there is a common occurrence. I was picking a girl up for a date... Didnt realize she lived in an extremely bad part of town in FL so Needless to say I was extremely happy I was carrying that day. I got out of my car (BMW) and was about to walk into get her when she came running out and said that I shouldnt leave my car unattended. I turned around to open her door and 3 guys came over and started yelling at me to leave her alone because she belonged to them. One pulled out a knife so I lifted my shirt up and placed my hand on my 1911 without drawing. I told them to go back across the street or that knife wont be able to help them. It was a great date and she moved out a few weeks later. Dated for a while but it never got too serious. Her parents had died and she was still in school so she had to move there to stay in school. It sucks what people have to go through in life. What is the best shit you've ever taken?  Redditors who speak other languages besides English, what is the most interesting thing you've found on non-English websites?  English. Everywhere. What's an absurd/funny story about how you were fired from one of your previous workplaces?  What's the weirdest thing you learned at school as a child?  Sex ED class in 5th grade. My principal was teaching the class for whatever reason and without anybody asking, brought up the fact that some people like to be pissed on. 


Tl:dr My 5th grade principal likes to get pissed on The Pledge of Allegiance If you could change one thing in your past what would it be?  My drink driving. Perfect health;  all the rest I can handle.

Or being pretty, so the health wouldn't matter so much. An injury I sustained Not going to university Im guessing that I cant change my behaviour or anything big like that. Just one action that I change what I did.

Then I would kiss that girl first day of HS. I was a jokester and was talking about how two girls had huge boobs(I know, I was a child).

Then one of them saw through me, she went in to kiss me. She wasnt really interasted in me, but she knew that I would back down.

I shouldnt have, the respect that would have brought me would I think really change my HS years, get me more friends faster, get me a gf, probably also better grades. I'd be more sociable. Picking the right lotto numbers. 1st marriage What are some odd things you do to help yourself fall asleep?  masturbate Cuddle my Dakimakura. It's warm and sometimes I have to sleep alone. Eat a kiwi and watch ASMR videos. I watch aom and aoe2 vods on youtube. Works like a charm :) I've tried this thing called the 4, 7, 8 breathing method for falling asleep.  You breathe in for 4 seconds, hold your breath for 7 seconds, then exhale for 8 seconds and repeat.  It works surprisingly well but I guess is kind of weird. I imagine a 2 by 4 with nails sticking out of it and I just start hammering the nails, the board goes on for ever so it's kind of like counting sheep. Count to zero What underappreciated group should be given a shoutout?  Biker groups who give protection to victims of child abuse, children who had stalkers,  etc... Good neighbors of elderly people living on their own. They take out their trash, mow their lawns, pick up groceries for them, answer questions about things that are confusing for them, stop in to visit, make them meals, come over when called to help out in little emergencies, etc., all out of just being good neighbors. Sarcastic assholes. No one ever thanks us. The person who sees something fucked up happen and says "that's fucked up" What things are telling of somebody's personality?  If I really want to get to know someone, I take them out to eat and see how they treat waitstaff. Where their eyes go when you speak to them. You can read most people very well just through their eyes. The music they listen to. If they carry a particular pen to use when asked to sign things. They way they treat someone who can't do something for them. What over the counter bought supplements that promote alertness and energy have you tried that actually worked?  The most active ingredient in energy drinks is caffeine. The drink with the most caffeine is coffee. The original and still the champion. 5 hour energy works. wake at 5:30am and run I have a friend that swears by Berocca.


But I might be cheating because the question specifically asked for ones that I've tried myself.


Can anyone confirm/deny? Coffee sort of works. Pharmacy brand caffeine pills help me a lot. Most supplements are not FDA regulated, so I wouldn't trust anything that the pharmacy brand, unless it's reviewed highly online. There was an energy drink called Guru. Haven't seen it for a while. Man, that was the shit. Aside from Guarana it has like ginseng and gingko biloba and well I cannot for sure say whether or not the extra herbals make it a better drink. But once I had a can and saw my vision sharpen. Another time I had a can and felt like I'd taken half a hit of ecstasy. Spike energy drinks Dopio espresso at starbucks. Coffee plus L-Theanine, check out /r/nootropics Vitamin B12 and Ginseng Coffee, frankly. No sugar, no milk - just coffee. B-vitamin complex. PEScience Norcodrene. I don't take it anymore, it worked while I did but made me super anxious all the time because of the yohimbine. Buy a Juicer. you can get a pretty good one for about $80.00. Juice carrots, beets, apples and kale in the morning....it is way better than a cup of coffee. Drink after a cull 8 oz. cup of water. An alarm clock. No prescription necessary and helps me stay awake even when I don't want to. Performix thermogenics work well for me. Plus you get the added benefit of burning fat if you're eating right. Redditors, what's the creepiest thing that's ever happened to you on Reddit?  I had 2 comment replies within a minute of each other, from two different people, on 2 different comments, in 2 different threads.

Both of them said " (?? ?? ??) I see what you did there "

I had no ideas what "I did there" on either of them. A guy from reddit stalked me when I wouldn't date him. He tried to get me to break up with my boyfriend by sending things in the mail among other things. I once made a comment in a subreddit about bra sizes and a girl messaged me asking me general questions about my problem, then eventually they started getting really pushy that i send a pic of said problem. 

Later on i realised it was most likely a guy. lesson learned. I don't know if I can pin it down on Reddit, but it's the only website I anonymously post to consistently so I think Reddit would be the platform they used.

But back when I lived with my parents, someone found out my name, address and living schedule. They sent me a letter in the mail and confessed their love to me. 

Worst part of all of this, to me, was that my parents were more upset that it was a man confessing his love to me than a woman. (I'm a man). Basically, it seems that if it was a woman or girl who sent me this creepy letter, they probably would have thought it was funny.

Anyways, it was scary. There was nothing threatening in the letter thankfully. They knew some details about me and where I worked at the time, but most of the letter was a warning to me saying that it was way too easy for them to find out who I was and I should be more careful. I've moved since then, and this happened about two years ago, but it still makes me feel really weird. When you left your home/hometown what was the biggest culture shock that made you think your upbringing wasn't the best?  People outside of New York are waaaay too friendly. It feels like they're trying to sell me something. When I first came to Canada (from the U.S.) the amount to of Arabs/Muslims/Middle Eastern People. Like my friends in America were either black, hispanic, asian or white. Once I got to Canada it was like Culture shock. Up to that point the closest I've ever been to anyone from the middle east was probably Saddam on ABC news when he was captured or videos of Bin Laden back when I was younger. I've met muslims but they were americans who converted so none of that wallah, wallahi and arabic slang/dialect. I found out about whole countries that I never knew existed.  To this day I still find it weird when I go back home and then return because they're so much more of them in Canada.  I wouldn't say Im an expert on their culture or what not, truth be told I could care less...Im not the type of guy that's interested in Cultures and NO IM NOT RACIST. I don't even care that much about my own culture, like I respect other cultures and what not but not the type to wear traditional clothing, eat cultural  foods, go to parades, wear flags bombard people with questions. That being said its still is interesting and 2 good friends of mine are Arab, and I feel like I should it payed attention more in social studies or geography. 


Edit: Grammar My upbringing was perfect but the biggest culture shock moving to a city was the crime/not trusting people. I grew up in a small town of about 3,000 people. Everyone knew everyone you never locked your house or your car, you left your keys in the ignition when shopping etc

I lived in L.A. for a bit, people would lock their car doors when getting gas, as soon as they walked in their homes they'd dead bolt the doors. They didn't even know their neighbors, totally different way of living What decreased in quality as it got more advanced?  Cars. I swear to God a 22re Toyota Motor could run for 700,000 miles and still run like a car today with 200,000. Shaving Razors.

Give me a good old safety razor any day of the week. Life of a cell phone battery. Hamburgers Windows. 

iTunes. Journalism. Because of the Internet, companies post half baked under edited articles just to be first. Along with clickbait. If by quality you mean reliability.. phones. I didn't get dropped calls and my landline never ran out of charge. 

Video games rarely shipped with game breaking bugs. Now it is the norm. Most appliances.  
My parents still have an old fridge in the basement from before I was born.  Still works, just dirty. Use it for storage. They've had to replace the upstairs fridge 3 times in the past decade alone.

Washing machine has had to been replaced every few years, but the first one my parents owned lasted many years.

The newest dishwasher even plays a little tune when you start it.  But I doubt it will see three birthdays. Tools.

If your father/grandfather gives you any tools, make sure to hold onto them because they will most likely outlast the newer ones that you have. Work-life balance. Damn smartphones ... Some might say video games.

This is definitely not true for a lot of games, but nowadays, a game can be released just because it has good graphics and some sort of online component, with other 'essentials', like a story mode tacked on half-assedly. Family quality time. I was thinking as I watched back to the future and saw them all eating around the table watching tv no one complaining just everyone watching television I just thought

 "If this was my family they would be complaning that they dont want to watch this and that its so bad. Back in these days there were only 3 channels so you couldn't really go wrong and everything was family orientated" Keurigs.    
       
They implemented DRM on the k-cups so you could only use Keurig brand. Their stock fell to half or something like that afterwards. Doors. I grew up in an '80s house and why the fuck are the doors inside homes so flimsy these days? People Society Subreddits. The more subscribers, the worse the content. Humanity Communication. 

It's so easy to connect with someone else?we can do it almost instantly?but it has gotten so impersonal. buildings. Furniture mobile phones. first one in the late 90s lasted years. quality went downhill ever since Humans for sure. Minecraft The Human race. The Halo games. Call of Duty

Get it. Cus it like got worse as it moved towards "Advanced" warfare

Seriously though fuck that shit and their shitty supply drop case micro transaction bullshit, it used to be skins but now they're doing like overpowered weapons and shit!?!? American automobiles General Motors. Wait just a moment please and don't twist what I'm saying into something completely different. The VALUE of music from a financial standpoint has absolutely decreased for the simple fact of steaming music for free. 30 years ago if you wanted to hear a band you HAD to buy the record - now everyone wants their entire music collection for $10 a month. 

I also make this assessment as a full time internationally touring musician who has seen the financial hit even successful artists have seen from this evolution of how we view the monetary value of records. 

My band just spent 50k on an album (which is in reality not very much at all - which is a whole OTHER issue) - to recoup that $$$ in 2016 takes significantly longer than it did even just 5 years ago - and yes my band is significantly more successful now than it's ever been so it's not a matter of bands losing their fan base luster. AOL The Office... Cell phones.

The call quality on them was excellent at one time. Now? too much focus is on apps/processor speeds/display, etc.. the voice quality has taken a noticeable nosedive. Video game internet connections Windows OS CoD Video messages.  I don't know what's up, but I used to send so many videos through MMS with my RAZR and now I can barely send anything without them stripping the quality to pixel form first.  Is it just me?! People. We just keep fucking up our planet, starting wars, and shit. Humans. Not a strictly downward slope...but food? Sex

Urban legends like tossing the salad with a side of truffle butter are now going mainstream. How long before Hot Karl goes from being a shitty rapper to the literal shit? Travelling via Plane. 
Used to be exclusive, now isn't, at all
(Looking at you, Delta) Hip Hop

what happened to Das EFX Recorded music. Which is a damn shame. What will we do with more cowbell?  Write prescriptions for it. [Serious] People who have participated in an orgy, what was it like? How did you get involved?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Back in college, after a drunk party.
I was with a girl and we we're both shy and very quiet because some other guys in the room we're sleeping, in the other corner there was a couple doing exactly the same thing, before we new it, a guy and a girl had woken up, saw everything and started make out and do it, but louder, the moment she moaned we all looked and realised we were 6 people having sex in the same room. There was booze, there was a pool of 6 20 somethings. I started fucking one girl, and it kinda just happened from there. My experiences won't match your experiences.   It depends on your emotional stuff, the situational stuff and your subconscious sexuality. 

Some of mine were like highschool, being the kid not-picked for football.  Some I just wanted to watch, or talk instead.

I'd say, at the most basic level you can either be in your head/fantasy or present/mindful.   I've never done the former, so seek elsewhere for insight/titillation. 

Mostly it's just you doing what you're doing with the people you're doing it with..."orgy" is a label, not a useful physical description. 

Sorry about the vagueness,  but privacy is important! ahhh alcohol always a good start - playing drinking board games - which quickly led to removing those clothes and then as people dropped in - they either ran in disgust - 2 - or they stayed and played - 18 Was invited to a house party. I had no idea it was a kink party and when we showed up my friend (we had an old history together, i gave up my virginity to her) told me not to be surprised by the setting. 

I like my bit of kink and role play but I get really nervous/social anxiety when I'm surprised by group settings where I don't know or trust people I meet for the first time. I didn't know if I was expected to act a certain way, be overtly sexual, was my junk in presentable condition, what's the protocol, claim what I wanted, explain that I was really nervous, and on and on with these thoughts racing through my mind.

With all this anxiety being very apparent, I was extremely self conscious and showing it, my friend finally picked up on it and asked if I needed air so we went out back to share a cigarette. Apologies left, right and centre from my friend who had overlooked that I hate surprises. She managed to get me a drink and calmed me down a bit before leading me back inside.

She put a blindfold on me and asked if I felt better. That did he trick and she lead me into a room, laid me down and took off my clothes. Hen I felt a extra set of hands and smelled someone that wasn't my friend on top of me and kissing me all over. I was getting my cock sucked and it was all good. Then another set of hands and a couple laid down next to me and the girl who was on top. It was my friend with a guy she pulled in. 

Things continued and I got comfortable. I took off the blind and there were all kinds of couples joining in the room. Lesbian, gay, bi, a dude in garters, and my friend just thumped me on the chest and said, "welcome back to the party". 

Not sure if I'd do it again but it was certainly an experience. I guess I just needed a drink and my cock sucked to loosen me up. What are some NSFW first world problems?  Everyone within a 1,000,000 mile radius won't swipe left for me. Well right now I'm struggling to get through a package of cheap toilet paper that's coarse as FUCK! I don't want to be wasteful and throw it away.... but it shreds my butthole like crazy :'( Pube razor burn. I can't watch all of the porn. What are some of the most memorable comments you've come across on Reddit ?  The Kevin story *Today you, tomorrow me* - Some Mexican Guy "OP's mom..." something, something, loch ness monster "*Never trust an artist who draws creatures with fur blushing, trust me I know.*"- A guy with a trustworthy username. People who are constantly late to everything, why?  Its usually because i dont understand the consequences of being late before i actually arrive late. 10 minutes extra at home doesn't feel like alot until I arrive and people are mad.

Then again Im rarely late, but when I am this is why. I always time things out in my head for the best case scenario.  

"I've made in 15 minutes before, I should be ok".. then proceed to take 30 minutes because it's a Tuesday afternoon and not Saturday midday. I think I know how long it takes me to get ready, but I'm always off by like 5/10 minutes. Also, acceptance. It used to really bother me that I was always late to everything. Now, my friends know that I'll always be late and still give me shit for it, but aren't genuinely mad because they expect it. It takes the pressure off, and makes it seem more okay to be late in my head. 

Disclaimer: This doesn't change the fact that I recognize being late is incredibly rude and inconsiderate of other people's time. My goal for the year is to fix this problem; we shall see if I succeed! For me it comes down to 2 things:

- I try to be EXACTLY on time to everything. Therefore, when something happens I don't expect like a slow driver, construction, not finding a good parking spot, or something out of my routine, that little bit of time that I spend doing something not accounted for adds up to me being late. 

- Another part of it is that I don't like being early and waiting.... I feel really uncomfortable about it... My gf is ALWAYS late to everything.  It is mostly because of procrastination and poor time management.  If she has to be somewhere across town at 10 she will sit around the house until 9:30 and THEN start getting ready.  Which of course takes at least 30 minutes so she ends up leaving around the time she is supposed to be there.  It drives me insane...

If I have to actually be somewhere on time I will sometimes tell her I have to be there like 45 minutes earlier so that when we get there late we will actually be on time. I'll just leave that here:

http://waitbutwhy.com/2015/07/why-im-always-late.html I think I was late to something once. Since then I've been unable to shake being the "late" guy. Apparently I never show up on time, even though I'm always exactly where I say I'll be, when I say I'll be there. I'm Mexican... that's all I got; we are always late, it maybe part of the culture of not giving a fuck about others. Time Disconinuity between your place and mine. It doesn't help leaving earlier, I'll still end up being late. Maybe even later. I end up hitting a time warp on the way to most of my destinations.  It's an odd thing. Im the most important thing in my life. If im late, im late. It clearly wasn't important. Reddit, what's your best method for getting out of a speeding ticket?  Be honest. Admit fault. Be white. Since I don't have a set of perky breasts I try to casually mention I'm a volunteer firefighter. Only tried it once but they did let me off with a warning. I think the officer knows if he's going to give you a ticket before he even gets to your window. 

Now, I think you can change their mind from not giving you a ticket to wanting to give you a ticket, but not the other way.  I did get out of a speeding ticket once because when he got to the window he smelled my son's poppy diaper and my son was screaming and I told him I was just trying to get to a safe place to change the diaper. 

My husband thinks that his military vet stickers will change the police officers mind in our favor but we rarely get pulled over anyway so I'm not it'll make a difference. I was not a habitual speeder, but the few times that I had been pulled over I used to be able to just mention my uncles name and the police would just let me go with a warning.  He was a police colonel, and after he retired was a law enforcement adviser to the mayor. Demand proof of the offence, so never admit to it.
If they have proof, say you were touching cloth. Cry.  Cry a lot.  If you're male, this is even better.  Just be pathetic, and a lot of times they'll feel so sorry for you. Flash PBA card. Drive off I usually go with "Sir, i would never speed when i'm this intoxicated" no more speeding ticket. If chick officer, i basically smile like a retard Speeding faster "I'm in the military, I just moved here" speed your way out of being caught Not speeding? Don't speed and you will never get tickets. What event from your childhood do you still remember but have never talked about?  I stole one of my dad's pornos on vhs only to find that he recorded Star Trek The Next Generation over it. That's how I first got into Star Trek. Well im only 20.

But I still remember when i was like 7 and was playing doctor with this girl(I had game when I was younger, not so much now)

And my parents found us. I dont think we ever discussed that, nor do I feel like we ever should. Some things are best left in the past Finding my dad drunk with a gun in his hand during his divorce to my mom. I was 9. [deleted] The Oklahoma City Bombing happened on a day when I was home sick from school. Because I've always been a slightly paranoid little twerp, I convinced myself that my classmates would think I was responsible. My dad always traveled a lot when I was young, but this one time when I was 7-8 I remember him having been gone a lot longer than usual. One day my mom, brother, and I were a few houses down at a neighbors and I remember my mom and the neighbor (a woman) sitting on the neighbors staircase while my mom cried. Then I remember watching as my mom went out the front door when a man pulled up in a truck and he handed her a wallet sized picture and said "this is her". My mom walked away from him back to the house and when I asked her what was wrong she said "I'll tell you when you're older". I'm now in my 20s and I've always been too afraid to ask what was going on back then, but I've never forgotten. My parents are still married to this day so I don't want to know if something shady was being done by my dad. When I was in grade school (probably 1-3rd grade) I would tell people nonsensical stuff and claim it was "God" or some such. Like the wind blowing super hard? Yeah, God's pissed off. That neat sun through break in clouds in the distance? Someone being born or dying. I never believed any of it but it was interesting to see how kids would go along with it or call me on my bullshit. 

Never told anyone because it sounds kind of sociopathic. What question will never make it to the front page?  This one. What mobile app do you wish existed?  An app that would mute people in real life. Do you have a weird job? What is it and how did you get it?  Will Game of Thrones ever be considered the greatest TV show?  IDK I love GOT but Deadwood was amazing If it hasnt been consideren by now, it wont ever No. And it isnt I hope not.  There are better shows out there like The Wire and Breaking Bad. I'm not sure whether you can crown something "the best" because opinions are subjective. It could maybe be classified in a few years as the equivalent of a literary classic.

There's no "best" work of fiction or "the best" singer or "the best painter" or "the best" song, because other people find different things to be superior. Probably top 10 Why aren't the stars visible from a commercial flight?  The window glass is made of a special tint that doesn't let passengers see the stars because the earth is flat. Before when was the time when everyone could smoke on TV?  I didn't realize you couldn't smoke on tv. Mad men do it constantly. 

I guess if there is a rule against it, it probably happened in late 90s/mid 00s Not that long ago. Up through the '80s. In the late '80s businesses and bars started making people smoke outside and that was kinda the beginning of the end. By the '90s most TV characters didn't smoke. They outlawed advertisements on TV in 1971, but as far as I know there's still no law against showing someone smoking on a TV show. What personality trait do you have, that others admire, but you yourself hate?  Honesty.  Lack of Discretion.  No guile.  Fairness.  Ugh. I wish I wasn't so obviously sensitive.  I don't know if it is more toward myself or others, I might just be self preserving in a big way, but, not my choice here. People tell me I'm a really good "therapist", which means everyone tells me their problems. Nobody wants to be the therapist's therapist. Redditors who had unusual or unconventional weddings, how did it turn out?  Gun owners of reddit, how much anxiety, fear, and distrust do you have on a day-to-day basis?  None at all.

Now I ask you, how much anxiety, fear and distrust do you have on a day to day basis because you don't like people owning guns? No more or less than the average person, why? Yes, I have anxiety issues and I don't make it a habit to trust people.  Not sure what that has to do with gun ownership, though. I don't really have any distrust, anxiety or fear. I was raised around firearms. I was always taught respect and safety. I never had access to them as they were always locked up in a big, heavy bolted into concrete safe. Ammunition was always locked up in a separate area. I never hunted, never had a desire to. It was always target or sport shooting. Contrary to popular belief, most gun range members don't go to the range and just blast away at targets and act like Rambo. In fact someone who isn't into firearms would probably find a trip to the range very boring. Its usually slow paced; as most shooters are practicing grip, stance or some new technique. Most hunters will have long stretches between shots as they are constantly adjusting sights or scopes. Rules are very strict. God help you if someone is down range and you even touch an obviously unloaded weapon. Which is how it should be. Another reason its usually boring and not faster paced is because it can get expensive! Ammunition isn't free and at times it can be hard to find certain calibers depending on where you live.

Now even though I own firearms and do have a concealed carry license. I very rarely carry. I guess I have been fortunate that I have never encountered a situation where a firearm would have mattered, and I know that can change at any time. I don't mind being in crowds, I don't tend to analyze my surroundings. For me, I just really enjoy target or sport shooting. I think many people who aren't familiar with weapons, think it's much easier to shoot well than it actually is. It takes time, dedication and effort to shoot well. I have no desire to be in a gun fight or be a cowboy. I just do something I enjoy and if it's something someone else was interested in trying I would show them. Otherwise you would never know I am a gun owner. I'm more worried about someone crashing into my car on my commute to or from work. On a daily basis? None. I'm not a paranoid or fearful person. I've got social anxiety, so quite a bit if I'm out and about.  The fear is almost exclusively a fear of judgment, I don't fear for my safety at all.

I don't see how this has anything to do with me owning a gun, but I guess you people are starting to get desperate. None. I own guns because I enjoy it as a hobby and they fascinate me. I have a license to carry a concealed weapon because whenever I have my pistols in the car I'd rather have them in the front than in the trunk disassembled. Also because buying firearms is easier with a CPL. I really don't believe one has to experience any of these to realize we live in a potentially violent and unpredictable world and wish to have the tools to defend oneself from the unexpected. So, no, I don't feel any of these, but when I carry, because I like to, I do feel comforted to know that I possess the same tools to protect myself from potential harm, however unlikely, as the folks who would come help if I were to call... And that I am absolutely more highly trained and proficient with my weapon than any cop who 'qualifies' on his service weapon from time to time. What will you do if Donald Trump wins the election in November?  Realistically? Go about my daily life the same way Nothing because a rusty bird cage could be elected POTUS and it would be business as usual.

Real power is in Congress, and it's gridlocked. Head to the Winchester, get a pint, and wait for the whole thing to blow over. Not give a fuck. Laugh.

Then resume my continuing grave dismay at the state of global politics. Be sad that Donald Trump will be president while simultaneously being incredibly relieved that hillary Clinton won't be president. [deleted] nothing, presidential change means almost nothing to the average american.. also I'd invest in stocks while he's crashing the markets. Knowing my luck. The following day there will be a final in a difficult class. Forget my lunch at home. It rains after I decide to walk to school.

Essentially. Nothing will change. I'll be a upset, but I'll live my life normaly and maybe stay off the internet I'll be sad that the presidential election came down to the two worst possible people in the entire early field.  I'd have taken literally any other Republican or Democrat early contenders over either Trump or Clinton.  So yeah...I don't know, either way, it will be bad.  Honestly, Trump might be less terrible for the future of the country than Clinton IMO. I fall in that upper class income stream of $250,000 a year - so frankly it doesn't matter who is in office.  I make too much to benefit from most democratic programs and not enough to benefit from the ultra rich focus of republican programs. 

So as a piratical matter, nothing at all will change for me whoever is in office.  So I tend to support the candidate with the best tract record on environmental issues - because frankly, I want my son to be able to experience camping out under the milkyway and still be able to see it. Invest in gold. Nothing much. Just wait to see if he has the balls to take the unpopular measures he talked about. Laugh and say -Hah! Well, here we go! Celebrate that a criminal didn't win. Go on with my life. I'll probably masturbate. Not because I'm excited about it... but because it's been 20 minutes since I've last done it. Sit back and watch him fail while I bask in the firelight of my burning country. Hope that he does a good job. I might not like the guy but if he wins I hope he does well. Celebrate with KFC or Chik-fil-a. I like fried chicken. Use my second citizenship and move back to England...wait, they voted what? Well, that's fucked that idea then. move to America. Be extremely happy because it will mean one of the most corrupt families in American history did not capture the Presidency.  It will mean the Saudis wasted billions trying to buy the Presidency.  There is no way Trump can ever equal the the corrosion of the Clintons Question! Would Canada build a wall to keep Americans out? Post wild predictions about the next four years on /r/AskReddit.  I've [done it before](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4brfk2/national_novel_writing_month_has_been_moved_up_to/d1boubd) and I'll do it again. Be glad it's not Clinton, but upset because it's Trump. Either way I am going to be upset.

EDIT: In case you want to see what I have against Clinton, just browse /r/technology for a bit to see all the censorship, taking of freedom, and encryption removal she wants to do. I'm Canadian, so i'd probably start a new history tour business where we bring groups of kids to the border and go "This is probably what Rome looked like when it was collapsing kids" and we'd all take pictures. The real answer is simply try to go on with my life.  But emotionally I'll probably be in the fetal position. Moved to the States 7 years ago. Might seriously consider moving again. Laugh at the poor Americans who have a tanned potato as President, followed by dread for international stability. Buy a new gun.  Watch the riots and chaos on YouTube.  - Same plan if Trump or Clinton. See how far he can actually get with his plans to tank the American economy. Cancel my Visa and go home to Canada. Spend his term in a long distance marriage while we get my husband's shit together to come with me. Go to work, just another day. Be upset that so many fellow Americans considered that putz the best choice.  

Then I'll look at who showed up at the voting booth and be even more upset if he won because people couldn't be bothered to get off their ass and vote, especially if those same people are complaining loudly about the result. Celebrate. Go to The Winchester, have a nice cold pint, and wait for all of this to blow over. Laugh at all the people who supported Hillary Clinton. I might complain about it on social media or something. I don't know. I haven't worked out all of the details yet. For about 1 minute I would be upset that a majority of the country I live in is dumb enough to vote for someone like Donald Trump. After that I would go on about my life and hope he doesn't fuck things up worse than they already are. Celebrate the triumph of reason over mass insanity.

MAGA Wait for the illegals to leave and then celebrate. Laugh, roll my eyes, and then carry on with business as usual. Wonder if countries will offer asylum for Americans. Commit myself to an organized and continuous 4 years of activism, work to 

* bring allied groups and people together (like in the early days of Occupy but having learned from their mistakes)

* shut down attempts to implement his most brutal policies (like mass deportation)

* mass education (through sponsoring public debates, leafleting, block party type events etc) about just how wrong (and why) Trump is on everything from economy, to environment, to militarism etc.

Also: 

Continue Sanders' transformation of Democratic party into a real progressive alternative to crush the gerrymandering Republican party for good in 2020.

All while trying to live better, work smarter and stay more in tune with love. After all the best revenge is still living well. Thank God that Hillary lost Be excited that someone I voted for finally won. Celebrate, mildly, while I watch my driveway with a gun in my lap because I live in an area where I would expect riots if he wins. Buy season passes to the nearest public restroom Continue worrying about senior year and playing Xbox. I've got the money to leave, so probably that? Rejoice that the Dems will win the state houses back in landslides in 2018 and 2020 allowing redistricting that will give them the House in 2022. Well we already decided to leave the EU so it's all downhill from here really.

Continue nursing my feelings of dread, I suppose. Same thing we do everyday Pinky Be glad it's not Hilary. And if Hilary wins I'll be glad it's not Trump. That's the most optimism I'll have for the rest of the election Well, I already live in Canada... probably gloat on the internet. Find solace in the fact that at least it wasn't hillary rejoice because our country will be headed in the right direction The same thing I'll do if Hillary wins, shake my head in disappointment. Shit, I've already EMBRACED a Trump presidency As a Canadian, seriously start thinking about needing to pull some kind of underground railroad shit to help Muslims get out of the US before god knows what happens to them.  
Come hide in Canada with me! Laugh at Americans, more than we do now Move to Canada. Or roll my eyes. Whichever's easier. Move to Canada Vote against him again in 2020.  
Hope he accidentally does something (anything) sensible in the meantime.   
Otherwise carry on, business as usual. Probably start working on my doomsday bunker - figure I would probably need it within a year or two. Watch the world burn. 

But go about my daily business as best as possible. Honestly, I don't really know. I would want to leave very badly, as I wouldn't feel quite so safe in a country that would elect Trump, but I don't know where I'd go as of yet. It will make my little heart so happy!! finally little Timmy won't have to worry about the little negroes and mexicans stealing his lunch money. Celebrate good times, cmon? Make popcorn, pull up a comfy chair... and watch. Dis gone be gud. Laugh at you poor fuckers. watch a 70 year old man be stupified by his job, which just so happens to be president of the united states. Actively try to get California to secede. Let out a sigh of relief and then go about the rest of my day like usual.  Honestly, from a Trump supporter's POV, all this anti-Trump sentiment is kind of silly.  Obviously he's done a lot of things I can't really defend but people rail on him for the stupidest things like [Politifact's biased rating of him.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4pyw80/serious_trump_supporters_of_reddit_politifact_has/d4ovn3z?context=3)

They act like he couldn't possibly belong in the white house because he's a businessman even though he's been involved with politics for decades.  While he has some faults like his stance on environmental issues and certain flip flops, I think he's the best candidate.  Most people I know that disagree usually cite moral reasons like his divorces and "racism" (not really racist) but that's silly.  He'll be the president, not your personal psychologist.

People also forget presidential candidates are human and apt to make mistakes or get angry/irrational.  Imo, Trump is more humane than any of the other candidates and I can't wait to see some of that in the office.  Ronald Reagan had that quality too and he was a great president. Legal paperwork. Go on YouTube and play either Sad Violin or March of the Empire. Just go on living my life. There's no guarantee he will do anything meaningful and would likely be a one term president. At most, I'll strap in and get ready for Donald's wild ride. I dont have any significant assets so watch the rich people jump out windows when their wealth is destroyed. You see The Mist? It'll probably end a lot like that. I will wake up and brush it off as just another bad dream. I will exile myself with a cold sweat. Wonder whether that's a bigger mistake than us leaving the EU or not Seriously contemplate joining up campaigns to make third parties viable at the national level. The two options I've been handed are pretty miserable and somehow people look at me I'm an idiot when I say I'm not voting for either. The whole thing about voting to keep the wrong lizardman from winning is in full swing here and it's honestly a bit maddening. Regardless of if Trump or Hillary gets elected, I'm going to ceremoniously nail ~~55~~ 95 problems with our government to my state's legislative front doors. Sigh in dispair. Nothing. I will laugh and celebrate the complete fall from rationality of the American political machine. Then I'll grab a big bowl of popcorn and watch the show. I won't be exactly happy about it, but I I'm certain that I'll be roundly entertained. Start training new employees. As the economy fails and crime rises there will be more need for private security. Move to Canada -- and yes, I can move to Canada (no visa issues for me). 

Remember, USA citizens are not allowed to work in Canada legally on a tourist visa. Like everyone else in the world, they need a visa to be able to work in Canada. 

Or otherwise, leave the country. I will refuse to live in a country which has elected a racist/xenophobe as its President. Wait for the inevitable assassination. I will watch the Don kick America's ass back into shape Laugh at the people that actually move to Canada, Mexico, etc. Living in America is pretty damn awesome, no matter the president. I survived Obama...

...now I just have to prepare for Trump! I will have a good laugh. this shit is blowing up (Insert punchline here) I was considering moving to Canada, but it hit me that it wouldn't be an entirely reasonable thing to do. A lot of people have been overly patriotic in defending their country from being run by Donald in saying that they love America and will never leave it and never let it fall into the hands of Trump yadda yadda. I was never very patriotic or spirited about anything under a wide-reaching label of "America is great."

The truth (at least from my perspective) is that if this is really the America that I fell in love with and supported and believed in, they wouldn't have opted to vote for a fascist pig and a criminal for their two most likely candidates to run the country. So no, at this point, I don't love this country and feel that if I find a viable opportunity for employment and a stable future in Canada, I will seriously consider it. I've been liking they're recent political happenings recently, anyway. I still think that Trump is screwing with people to a massive degree. I have a sneaking suspicion that he doesn't really believe most of the things he says and only says them because he's pandering to a few very large demographics. I disagree with him on a lot of issues but I do respect him, as a stupid person does not get to where he is in life being as stupid as people are making him out to be. First, cry. Then I'll rant a lot. Probably get drunk and do something stupid, like punch some Trump supporters. Celebrate. cry a little Celebrate Become severely disappointed in America and continue my life while trying to ignore what happens in D.C. for the next 4 years. What is your favorite movie by only using a line from said movie?  Why so serious? Hello "Forest spirit! We give you back your head!" Wayne's World! Wayne's World! *I never saved anything for the swim back* "I just want to understand this, sir. Every time a rug is micturated upon in this fair city, I have to compensate the owner?" Hey, if I had some place to go I certainly wouldn't be in 'Cleve-Land'. they have you trapped rose When you gotta go you gotta go. *something something something* meat popsicle I love the smell of napalm in the morning... That thick, gasoline smell... Smells like, victory. And shepherds we shall be, for thee my Lord, for thee. What's the creepiest thing that has happend to you?  I was having a funtime with a girl, right after I awarded her with my most valuable on her belly, she rubbed her fingers in what would someday be my loved ones and smacked me on my bottom. Having that on my bottom was creepy as hell. One night a couple of friends and I were telling ghost stories and one of my friends said that on of his friends was skateboarding in the parking lot of an elementary school nearby at like 200 am one morning when he saw what appeared to be a shadow figure of a girl walking down the hallways. So we decided to check it out but before we went there, we picked up one of our other friends. 

So we get to the school and its like midnight and we start walking around the school just looking into windows and creeping each other out. So we get to this one part of the school yard that had a little kid playground and in that area, there was part of the school that had a long rectangular bay window that spanned a hallway. So we're all looking around when all of a sudden one of our friends, the one we picked up before going to the school, screams "WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT?!" We freeze, looking all around and saying what?! well I look over at him and he's curled up in a ball sobbing on the ground. 

So we gather him up and take off back to the car and when he's able to talk again, we ask him what the fuck happened. He said he was looking around when all of a sudden he looked at that long bay window and saw a girl slowly walking down the hallway, that the girl made eye contact with him then vanished. It scared the shit out of us because nobody had told him the story that our other friend had told us. Reddit, if life was a videogame, what achievements have you earned?  56 times had sex in 4 months 100% Effective

Play for 18 straight years without having sex. Two girls one dick.

Bat out of hell. (150 mph down the interstate) middle of no where Nevada on our way to Vegas but I'm counting it. 23 years of play-time Cat Lady 22 years without needing a respawn Longest kill streak. (Bugs) The pickled liver. $50,000 earned for pretending to work. [Serious] if you have lost a body part, how have you dealt with it?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* [This guys seems to be doing quite well](http://hoppingblogger.blogspot.co.uk/) No spleen, gall bladder, many lymph nodes, part of liver, does that count? What's your dream life look like?  House in the woods, clean eco food, happy family. Cant ask for more. Amorphous and surreal. Honestly,  exactly what I have now.

I recently found my soul mate.  I have a good job.  Awesome friends.  Awesome family.    I get to play video games all day and eat ice cream for dinner if I want.

Life is good. What are some world records you wouldn't want to break?  quickest orgasm Having the longest nails, just why. Longest attack of hiccups. Longest fall down an elevator shaft. Worst herpes record. Most number of bullets shot at you Highest surviving free fall. I heard something about a guy removing all his teeth so that he could break the record for most straws that he can fit into his mouth, probably that. Most stab wounds survived. If The Onion had a section just for Reddit, what might some of the headlines be?  Area Man Proud of Reddit Karma New study shows increased pregnancy rates in OP's mom. Man declares opinion as law after getting the last word in a comment chain. Red Pill Subscriber Leads Miserable, Lonely Life OP finds hidden safe in home during renovations, actually delivers. Men of Reddit, What is the best cologne you've owned?  Just about any gun owner will tell you that a drop of two of Hoppes #9 (Gun oil, basically) behind each ear will be all a man needs.

But all my non-gun-owning friends use Brut. Terre de Hermes? Calvin Klein Electric is my favorite.  It's pretty light and just smells great. Yo, sorry to be kind of basic about this, but... my significant other bought me the Star Trek "Tiberius" cologne as a present, and... low-key my new favorite scent. Not overwhelmingly "fresh"/Polo-ish smelling, not too much musk, just enough sandalwood. Shit is A+ Polo Blue- the honeys love it Grave Before Shave beard oil does everything I need. Well from personal experience I can tell you that the best cologne that I always got positive comments for was "Gucci Guilty Pour Homme Eau de Toilette Spray." There's a Guilty black also which i've not tried but heard is pretty nice.

I find in the UK stuff like Paco Rabanne 1 Million is HIGHLY overused.. it's nice to have something different Cartier

Halston z-14

Obsession for men.

My favorite is the Halston. Tom Ford - Noir. It's just amazing! It's called Sex Panther, by Odeon. It's illegal in 9 countries, so you know it's good. Ysl homme Degree Drakkar.

Been my choice since 1994. j00000000000p Green Irish Tweed by Creed

Expensive but well worth it IMO. [Costamor Tabacca](http://www.luckyscent.com/product/50000/tabacca-by-costamor)

You gonna get raped.  This stuff is sex in a bottle. Opus 1870 by Penhaligon I don't colown any Axe body spray. Not even kidding. Shit's consistent and easy to buy. Can't wear cologne, it gives me a headache smelling it constantly. I don't believe in cologne. If you don't like my natural scent, you don't like me. Hard-working, successful people of Reddit, how do you stay motivated?  Well I would imagine the succes is motivating? Maybe a better question would be ''hard working unsuccesfull people how do you stay motivated?'' Dedication, not motivation. Most hard-working people have a goal in mind. They don't really need extra motivation cause their initial goal was their motivation since the beginning. If you lose motivation then I suppose your goal wasn't good enough for you. Chambermaids of Reddit, what was the state of the worst room you have come across when doing your rounds?  Chambermaid?  Did you pull that from the big book of medieval terminology?  I think they are just called maids or housekeepers now dude. What's the most ridiculous thing you've seen touted as legit science by a news network or show?  This may not be entirely wrong for certain, but it's still funny: picking your nose and eating it is good for building up your immune system. This is where you get to say what the most illogical or just plain strange thing you've heard touted as gossipy science on a news network (Fox News, MSNBC) or a news show (Good Morning America, Today).
I'll go first (or second): ?A glass of wine is just as good as spending an hour at the gym.? That sounds like something a sassy aunt might say, not a scientist. The whole "surveys say" thing.

Some rando on Facebook could say "surveys say babies now come out of your anus" and middle aged mothers would start to believe it. The bible What do you think ought to be common knowledge by now, but isn't?  Taking vitamins mostly just makes your pee expensive.
Homeopathy is based on nothing.
Chiropractic medicine is not based on science.
Vaccines are a net positive to humanity. [How to pronounce GIF.](http://imgur.com/gallery/DzDATp9) DON'T TAKE OUT PAYDAY LOANS.

Also, DON'T TAKE OUT PAYDAY LOANS. That vaccination is safe and very important for humans. How to deal with the police.

1. Don't act or be shady or shitty

2. Police are worried about the worst. Keep your hands in plain sight. Wait for instructions to do anything including grabbing your ID.... If pulled over. Window down, car/stereo off, hands on steering wheel (plain sight) until they ask you for something 

3. Always call the man or woman with a gun, sir or ma'am, respectively (not just with cops)

4. When in doubt shut the hell up and listen 

5. They do this for a living. You probably are not fooling anyone. Sometimes they are just trying to tell you something without saying it word for word and you should refer back to number 4.

6. Depending on scenario. Lawyers are better at talking than you and you should just refer back to number 4.

7. You can ask questions. Just don't be an idiot. 

In no exact order Companies hire shitloads of people and bots to push narratives online in every major online community, and they're generally pretty darn good at it.

It's not a conspiracy, it's an industry you can go out and invest in right this second. Reboot and see if that fixes the problem before calling tech support. The US voting system is rigged. It's all a show to make us feel like we have a say when really the electoral college has all but made the final decision before we even vote. How to use the damn blinker. Science Farmed animals aren't mindless zombies. They have child-like intelligence, are conscious, & in 99% of cases live hellish lives. Geography. Hoverboards that don't work on water. General knowledge of how to use a computer. I'm always surprised by how many people in professional environments don't know how to do simple tasks like installing files/applications or finding information online. It's definitely something we as a younger generation take for granted, having grown up with technology. It's not ideal to shower daily. What makes you unique from everyone else in the world?  My DNA. My fingerprints, iris I can lick my elbow due to the fact my uncle dislocated my arm by accident when I was super young; now my shoulder pushes back really far meaning my elbow ends up within licking length... 

My DNA too. Genes i had heart surgery in russia them was adopted from russia and am blind out of one eye My DNA. Their dna My Paranoia is unique My memories What was the BLM movement's biggest failing?  Protesting people *who already agreed with them* The entire thing. Mainly, violently burning buildings, cop cars and looting businesses. Black lives matter in general "Hands up, don't shoot" never happened. Blaming the police instead of the laws. they only seem to matter when whitey is involved For a bunch of people who supposedly read law: They didn't know the difference between jurisdictions.  Dumb. What podcasts would you recommend?  You Made It Weird

Guys We Fucked

Joe Rogan Podcast 

Bill Burr Monday Morning Podcast D&D is For Nerds - Comedy D&D Campaigns

The Black Tapes - Suspense and Horror Podcast

On The Spot - Game Show

Off Topic - Generic sit about and talk podcast but hilarious The Story - It's a podcast that has documentaries, investigations and longform stories Stuff you Should Know- Pretty informative on topics you didn't even know you were curious about.

Car Talk- A real classic! Sure it's about cars but Click and Clack dive into all aspects of the callers lives. It's the one podcast that I really have to download every week. My Brother, My Brother, And Me. 

It's these three brothers (big surprise) who just talk about stupid shit, sometimes related to gaming. Two of the guys there, Griffin and Justin, run a YouTube series called 'Monster Factory.' Is highly suggest you watch Monster Factory as well, it's hilarious from start to finish. What word or phrase instantly let's you know someone is American?  "Hey, I'm from America." "Y'all" "Heyyyyy how are youu?" - total stranger "I'm Irish."

" Have you ever been to Ireland?" 

"Nope." [GORLAMI](https://s.yimg.com/ny/api/res/1.2/uMdTduwhoUOLRK3wtCjn6w--/YXBwaWQ9aGlnaGxhbmRlcjtzbT0xO3c9NjMw/http://l.yimg.com/os/publish-images/omg/2013-12-17/8df32789-ff00-4d34-b594-b2fc8aa67fd5_Inglorius.gif) "My great grandfather was from county Kerry"

"Back to the old sod"

"Top of the morning to ya"

Always American tourists, always. I actually love them though they're genuinely interested and friendly and that's something a few actual Irish people could learn from. Aluminum. Jackass. Doesn't sound right when us brits say it "We saved your ass in World War 2" "Ain't nobody got time fo' that." ,, I want to speak to your Manager. " Howdy. How many miles away? "I'll pray for you" that's soccer not football "Hold my AR-15 while I smash these Big Macs." dude Chick-Fil-A. The screech of their pet eagle. When something 'national' is posted to reddit and it doesn't specifically refer to a country. "I'm in _ grade at school."

Edit: Took out the "th" because 1st/2nd/3rd don't use it. Faucet. Like oh my god I love your accent, it's so exotic!

"I'm from Toronto..." "Aight" "Like...like...like...like...like..." "What's up" Y'all. Know what I'm sayin' "On Accident" "What do you mean that is against the law in this country?" Using "son-of-a-bitch" as a manner of displeasure at something painful that has happened or something that went wrong, as opposed to being used as an insult. I could care less. When ordering food/coffee, "Let me get a ... " It's so crude, yet I always say it. I can't drive stick. "What word or phrase instantly **let's** you know someone is American?" *places humongous food order*

"and a diet coke" Fall.

Almost everywhere else I've been it's called Autumn. "BILL NYE THE SCIENCE GUY" FREEDOM "I lost everything I own thanks to medical debts" "Could I get a pop?" "I am american" suprisingly enough, this is one of the ways that I personally use to differentiate between Americans and non-Americans. I'm 1/32nd Irish __ miles/inches/feet etc. "Sup?" "Hella" "Oh dude, we got super hammered" Mac & Cheese  

Peanut Butter & Jelly  

Chrome Shotguns "Student Loans are killing me" That's cool. Well, shit. "y'all" I have never heard a non American person say "y'all" "It's my freedom of speech" pronouncing "insurance" as INsurance In an international forum, they refer to the American civil war as "The civil war" and the American war of independence as "The revolution"

As if they are the only two of their kind. When people respond with "Yea, so Totally" or "Definitely". Color

Armor

Favorite Saying "fuck" every other sentence "Dude" HERMIT PURPLE!! Wicked.
 "Wow did you see that episode of GOT last night?"
"Yea I did, it was wicked" "Back in the day" Pissed meaning angry, rather than drunk. y'all YOU'LL BE HEARING FROM MY LAWYER! Nice try Russian spy. Bless your heart. (Does not apply to all of the U.S., I know) "John Oliver is the smartest British person I've ever heard of." MAGA! "I always wanted to go to Paris and see Big Ben" If they complete the phrase: "when the stars at night are big" "The Second Amendment" Y'all You guys. "Hey, all y'all speak English, right?" Y'all or I could care less. Look Honey, they've got McDonald's here too! "Mmm-Hmm" Y'all [deleted] Howdy Mind the step it's a doozy. I'm from America "Is she/he a native?" 9/11 was an inside job "Don't chya no?" Can I axe you a question? Inches Calling a sub a "hoagie" or "grinder". Using the imperial system I'm not racist but... "What's the temperature?"
"35"
"No in Fahrenheit." "let's" ....

When someone uses random apostrophes, I assume they're a product of the American school system. *spells color as colour because British English*
"Hey, that's not how you spell color! That's the wrong way!" Found the American. "Are you kidding me?" Americans seem to say it a lot if someone has annoyed them, I haven't heard it anywhere else. Like what kind of answer do you want, "Yes, me ramming into the back of your truck was a joke, I'll be on my way" y'all You gotta do what you gotta do Hella Any word with double tt.

Take for example pottery. We pronounce it "poddery". "I'd like a Bloody Mary, please" Wicked Y'all I have a right to bear arms! I am just about to finish a 6 week stint in Germany and I apparently look like everyone else cause they will start speaking in German but it all ends as soon as I try to practice my German. Then suddenly they all switch to English. :/ 

So every phrase with my goofy thick American accent. Good thing though that I've also been told that it sounds cute. Awesome and like "I'm not a racist or anything, but..." Fuck that G'day Bruh Pass the ranch so I can dip my fries! 'MERICA! "Oftentimes" Fuck her right in the pussy! "Duuude!" Nucular. Bud heavy You've got to say it in the best possible southern drawl you got but "By God..."  That's how we know in the south that some dude is madder than hell Pretty sure we got "y'all" on lock down. "Don't forget to tip your waitress" sidewalk "USA USA USA USA!!!" I'm sorry, every time something negative happens to someone. for sure. Ya'll U WOT M8 MURICA! Hey, y'all, watch this! MERICA Hey how's it going? "Buffet!" Hella. Fake overdone patriotism. "How tall are you?"  
"Imma bout eight three four two ten sixty niner"  
"wut" "issues", "try and" The two syllable "shyyy-iiit" dingus >It's only 50 degrees outside, better grab a jacket.

Although they could be Palauan or something I guess. Good jaaahb! Couch, chips (instead of crisps), candy, highway (instead of motorway) are the ones that immediately come to mind. 'Murica! Like *Kale* Eat the peanut out of my shit I'll take the rest in a doggybag. "Throw some shrimps on the barbie!" My name is Tom Selleck star of hit tv show blue bloods "Why don't you own a car?" Ya'll Yee Haw How come my sandwich didn't automatically come with pickle slices? gun "what? I don't speak English, I speak American." Followed by a smug look and much arguing. it's the shit they take on the English language that is the giveaway

"The winningest team in the division"

"She speaks good"

why would it be your national language? you can barely speak English "Gun control doesn't work" My favorite cheese is the kind from a can Got some oil? "I vote for Trump" Saying helerw Let's head over to my place. Awesome, rad, cute It's less the words, and more just the accent... "How do we feel about open carry in church?" 

Sorry, that's a bit long, but you instantly know this person from r/christianity was 'Murican. Married redditors, do you regret getting married?  Hardly.  My wife is my best friend, and she's wonderful.  Six years so far. No. Smartest decision I've ever made.

Not saying that every waking moment is all sunshine and unicorn farts. But on balance, my life for the past 30 years or so would probably suck if she hadn't been an integral part of it. And guess what...so would hers.

Is there still love after a few decades together? Yes, but it's a different flavor than young love. It's more like drinking a fine Bordeaux, instead of a cocktail.

How did I know, for sure? I didn't. It was a calculated risk, just like everything else in life. I chose well. Hope you can do the same.

Cheers. Not at all. My wife passed away 5 months ago after 18 months of marriage, if I could go back and decide whether to do it again knowing it'd end like it did I'd do it in a heartbeat. No regrets. Marriage is hard work some times but that's the price you pay for living with (and boning) your best friend. I would just like to say, wow this is not how I expected this thread to go. I do not regret getting married. My husband and I have been married for close to four years now. We met on a dating site. On our first date we ended up talking for over four hours. After our second date he was all I could think about and we saw each other as much as possible. He really is my best friend and I am very attracted to him.     
  We got married kind of young (it is easier to be together if you are married in the military.) I was nervous about it, but I could see a future with him so I went for it and I am so glad I did. My love for him grows everyday.    
  We do have arguments and have gone through tough times like any couple. The biggest thing we do that keeps us together is communicate. Anytime we argue or are depressed or whatever it may be-we talk it out. We always work out a solution, tell each other how we feel and respect each other. We don't have any deal breakers in each other so that helps. Just want to hear some real struggles of married people. Like how old did you get married? Married for how long? What made it work? Regrets? Thoughts? Is there still love after 50years or just companionship? Why him/her? How did you know? (Dont say, you just do) Not for a second. These have been the best eighteen years of my life. Marriage is awesome, it's work, but it's awesome. married for 3 years, together for 6, and a baby on the way.  I'm totally stoked as to how my life has turned out.  the hardest part about MY marriage, is having single friends, they get mad when all you want to do is hang with your wife, but shit, shes my best friend, no drama, and i get to play with her boobs whenever i want.  :) Never.  Been married 15+ years and she's absolutely the light of my world.  She makes me laugh, smile, and feel like I matter.  I only love her more every year.

She's a part of my brain at this point.  My best friend, gorgeous, and bloody brilliant.  Wouldn't want life to be any other way. Glad to see the first posts are positive ones.

I do regret getting married, and I regret not getting divorced as soon as I was sure it wasn't working out - even with kids.  People don't change. Not at all. My husband is absolutely my best friend and I can't imagine living without him now, no matter how much of a pain in the ass he can be. Married at 20 after dating for 3 years. The main question everybody was asking was "Is she pregnant?" 

5 years later. Wrote an offer on our first house. Accepted over the weekend. We've finally decided that we've practiced enough and I *think* we have the multiplication procedure down. 

Plus my 1 year younger step sister just got married and them having a kid before us just won't do! *No ragrets*. My wife is beautiful and awesome. She is my best friend. We've had our share of problems but gladly nothing we haven't been able to solve. Best decision I've ever made.  We're happier, more financially stable, and closer. Not at all.  We just celebrated 3 years of marriage and 6  years together.  I love her more every day.

I don't even regret my first marriage.  The last 2 years sucked but there were 6 great years before that. Not even a little. Our two year is tomorrow and it's been mostly wonderful so far. I won't claim every single moment has been sunshine and rainbow farts but the vast majority of them have been.

Terms of why him we matched up. All the flaws I have in my personality have been balanced out by him and vice versa. We both wanted the same things long term, had the same life goals and like hanging out with one another. Married at 22, going on year 10 of marriage and he's still my best friend.  We met when we were 12, he was my first bf. We each relocated to different states with our families.  Then we moved back to the same state we met in to be together.  It's not easy,  especially when you are fairly young.  At 22 you are still figuring out who you are. Neither of us is the same person we were when we met or got married.  But we loved each other enough to accept the changes and keep going. No! I wouldn't be able to make it without my Husband. He has done so much for me and I love him so much! He puts up with a lot of my crap, and goes out of his way for me all the time. Of course, we have been through tough times where we have to stop and evaluate what is going wrong and how to make it better and there have been times when I have been exasperated because I don't know what to do to make things better. There have been dry spells and times when we drift apart, I have been so angry with him I thought I would explode, but that is all a part of it and if you really love each other and take your vows seriously, then you talk to each other and work it out. Our marriage is seriously the best its been right now (married 8 years, together 13.) If you stick together through those times, it is worth it. I met him when we worked together and it sounds so cheesy, but the moment I saw him I felt different about him than anyone else I had ever met. Absolutely not! My husband and I have been together since we were 15 and didn't marry until we were 27. It was annoying how everyone kept asking after the wedding "do you feel different?" The answer was no, it was all the same and that's how it should be, if you want the relationship to change after you marry, then don't get married!! My first marriage?  I had strong feelings of doubt and regret at every stage - from buying a ring, to proposing, to the wedding, and on into the marriage.

This time?  Not a hint of doubt.  I've never felt as clearheaded about spending my life with the kindest woman I've ever known. Sometimes. I think if we weren't actually married and had just been living together we would have split up by now. And sometimes I don't know if well make it in the long run, but overall I probably don't regret it. No regrets! We got married at 18 despite rude comments. Happy as hell 15 years in. Best friendship and partner I could ever ask for. Always looking to make things work better. Truly a life partner. Doesn't seem to matter how shitty things get, I know she is in it for life, as am I. We are on the same page as parents, which is also great. We are pretty unorganized as a unit but when we need to come together, we always seem to make things work. I tell her every day that I love her and she does the same. I meant it every time. No,yes,no.

Married 1st time at 20. We had two great kids. Divorced at 38. My fault. I had a bad temper (no physical abuse, just hollered too much and broke too much of my own shit) also very bad with money. 

Married 2nd time to a woman a year after my divorce to #1. Huge mistake. Married 3 weeks after meeting. I missed my family and thought I could go have that same feeling with this woman. Wrong! I was just an ATM.  

Married now to my best friend. Met her at the gym. Took 7 months to talk to her. Dated a little bit and then moved in together. We do everything together. Our world revolves around each other, work, gym and our doggies. I got married at 20.  I knew I was going to marry her at 18, but I wasn't ready for the commitment of moving in together and the sex that would follow (we waited till marriage).  I still wasn't ready at 20, but she was pressuring me and I knew we were going to get married eventually so I went for it.

I knew she was the girl for me for two reasons.  We shared similar views on spirituality, which I have always viewed as extremely important, and she seemed like the kind of person who was willing to work hard at marriage.  Marriage is hard, ask any married folks you know.  The most important thing to look for in a spouse, is someone who is willing to work on it.  Even when times are tough.

We got pregnant right away.  Within a month.  No honeymoon years.  No get to know each other as a roommate time.  No get your feet under you and establish yourselves financially time.  Just kid #1.

At the time I almost considered abortion.  I recognized that it was purely selfish.  I was going to be 21 with a kid.  I didn't want to be.  However, due to my views on abortion I decided the reason wasn't nearly good enough so we had kid #1.  

A year later, I'm working a dead end job and she's pregnant with kid #2.  I should mention at this point that both times we got pregnant we were using birth control.  We were in shambles.  Both of us hated the sight of each other.  My wife was always jealous of the attention I gave our newborn daughter, and I was always mad at how poorly she was doing as a mother and housekeeper.  

At her request we got counseling.  Smartest thing I've ever done.  We talked some things out, had some things explained to us, and ultimately realized that we needed to grow up and handle this like adults.  She needed to recognize that her full time job was being a housekeeper and mom, and I needed to love and respect her even if she didn't.  

It's been a few years since then and we are happily married.  My kids inspired me to get a better job, they deserve better than I was giving them and I couldn't stand it.  My wife and I have grown together, to the point where we are almost unrecognizable to people who we used to know in high school. We are both 25, and we are farther along the life path than almost all of our friends, but on the bright side if we don't have any more kids we will have an empty nest at 42.  

As I mentioned before, working together to better each other is paramount.  The other thing that I learned after getting married is that you need to love and respect your SO even if you don't think they deserve it.  If you stop loving and respecting them, then you won't help them become better people, and your marriage will spiral out of control. Yes. My privates don't get touched and I don't get to have job I want and I don't get to live where I want. I would put pillow over her face, but I don't think you can smother a pillow with its own kind. Absolutely not.

There are things about it that are terrifying, sure, and there are a couple of aspects of the wedding (which has basically nothing to do with marriage) that I regret, but I don't regret getting married at all, or even the timing of it (I got married young, at 21 years old after dating a year and a half).

The hardest part about marriage is feeling dependent on someone, but that's mostly a function of our particular circumstances. I have very little income because we made a decision for me to start my business and focus on that instead of working a typical job, so all of the bills are paid for out of my husband's paycheck, and the loan on my car is in my husband's name. My husband is great about making it clear that he sees it as our money and not his, but I am a very independent person so it's still hard. That being said, this is something I never would have been comfortable with - being so financially dependent on someone - without being married first.

Some of our stats. We got married 2 years ago when I was 21 and he was 29. Dated 10 months before getting engaged, were engaged 8 months, got married the same month we both graduated from college. 

I knew I wanted to marry him because it was the first relationship I ever really worked on. It's a strange feeling, when you're an asshole, to really want to work your ass off at a relationship. We had a lot of hard shit thrown our way early on, which made us get more serious very quickly. We got pregnant the first week we had sex together, I had an intense knee surgery and reinjury where I couldn't get up the stairs to my place and had nowhere else to go, so I moved in with him temporarily (along with my parrot) when we'd been together about 4 months, there was some drama with my ex, and generally a lot going on. If that all hadn't happened we probably would have taken longer to be sure about each other and get engaged.
I actually started dating him just looking for a little fling. Didn't want anything serious at all. I do not regret getting married.  I love him though we are living apart right now.  We both desperately want to make it work, but have personal things we each need to work on before we can all be under one roof again. 

We met at 24, got engaged at 27, married at 29. We have been together 9 years, married 5. We have one daughter. 

He is my best friend, soul mate, and so much more.  That doesn't even begin to describe how I feel about him. We have been through family deaths, disability, extreme sickness, financial hardship, mental illness, and so much more. We are a team.  It is our goal to continue to be a team even though we are separated. We are doing it for us and for our daughter. 

I don't regret it a bit because we have had some amazing experiences together, despite all our hard times. He has allowed me to be my true self, accepting me as I am and not passing judgement.  I hope I have done the same for him. I can tell him anything. We enjoy each others company. We still flirt and cuddle, even find time to be intimate during our separation. It's not been very long, but in an odd way we have become closer in that aspect. I am going to see him tonight, and I honestly can't wait to see him. 

I think the biggest thing that helped us was knowing ourselves, and each other. Helping each other grow is a big part too.  You can't expect someone to always stay the same, people need to grow. But it's not the same as changing someone. Nurture a persons growth and goals, even if it is scary for you.  Because if a person isn't happy, they can be happy without you.... And probably don't want to miserable with you. Not tonight honey. every effin day Nice try, my gushing bride. 

Not falling for this shit. What are some crazy facts about other planets most people may not know?  Mars is entirely populated by robots. Uranus is a gas giant. Mercury has ice on its surface. Pluto.

Let the *discussion* begin. Judging only by it's top post of all time, what's the best subreddit?  Askreddit ofc What's the most stupid merchandise you've ever bought?  Bought a PS3, when I already owned a PS4, a week before they announced PlaystationNow. Ive never bought one, but i secretly think less of people who have bought an 'easy' button or keep it around at all. Preordered an EA game once. A miniature Bat-Signal to go on my desk. It may be stupid to others, but I love the damn thing. Bought a Minion rc helicopter.

No particular use for it.

Im 20 Bought a watch online that ended up being so big, it might was well have been a wall clock on my wrist. I bought one of those Horse Head masks for my girlfriend around Christmas time. A tamagotchi. La Lakers Garden Gnome. It's stupid as fuck but I love it Porn... Since the internet's been around.

Yeah, I'm dumb. Back in the late 60s. Bought an LED wristwatch that displayed the time and date. Had to push and hold a button to activate the display. ie: needed both hands to find out what time it was. Wore it for a week or so. Then went back to my old Timex. Still have a few packs of Last Action Hero trading cards. Been holding onto them for 20 years, just waiting for the value to stop depreciating from the original $0.75 I bought them for. Reddit, what do you hate about your job?  How frequently the common man treats me like shit. 9 hour shift of shit i can knock out in 5. can't leave until shift is done. Going in I have no idea how long I'll be working, what time I'll get off or what I'll be doing. Working with the public. Lack of hours. All I want is to work more and I fucking cant. Nothing. I've been doing it for 42 years, which is twice the lifespan of most of the people I work with, so I am left alone to do what I do. Experience is a great asset. I used to work at a Photolab. All the equipment -- flash, background, even CAMERAS are old and barely work. Backgrounds are dirty, flash won't go off, printers wouldn't print and camera's shutter buttons won't release. Owners can't be bothered to fix or replace equipment and I had no choice but to cancel appointnents -- how can I take portraits with no flash? I'd then get blamed for losing business! When I don't cancel appointments and photos come out looking like trash, manager would have to give customers freebies/in-store credit/other bullshit, etc. and he'd yell at me for not cancelling appointments if I knew the equipment wasn't working. Got fed up and quit. If Lizard People were real and decided to 'come out', which celebrity's coming out would be the most unsurprising?  Miley Cyrus Willem Dafoe. I mean come on, his disguise is not convincing at all. Tom Cruise Any celebrity supposedly in the Church of Scientology. Chris bosh lol Donald Rumsfeld Human male Ted Cruz. Eddie (L)Izzard Hillary Clinton Jared Leto Mel Gibson Prince Harry.

-just kidding, dude. that boris johnson guy from england. George Bush Elon Musk Nicholas Cage Tom Cruise Christopher Walken, he doesn't even try to act like a human Bendydick Cucumberpatch Ted Cruz. He can't even human Betty White Maybe Sting. James Spader, he's the fucking lizard king. For my Canadian comrades: Harper. Stephen fucking Harper. 

Those cold, pedophile eyes. Putin. Billy Corgan. Ringo Starr. Tom Cruise Tom Cruise Snoop Dogg. He's just an alien on Earth for a relaxing vacation... Gwenyth Paltro. Her lips are just soooooo thin. Riff Raff.  The perfect cover up. Steve buschemi Donald Trump Reddit, what are some great apps that won't kill your phone battery?  Any of the thousands of Snake games. Night Owl dims my screen to the point that it does not blind everyone. You can have it on and save battery if you use your phone a lot. (Cause you know, screens use most of the power) What's your favorite interesting-sounding word that most people don't know? And what is its definition?  *Persiflage*: light and slightly contemptuous mockery or banter. Biblioclasm: mutilation or destruction of books. Sometimes, ritualistically. Diaphanous; of delicate, sheer appearance. This applies slightly more to clothing than anything else, but I still enjoy the sound of it. Obfuscate - render obscure, unclear, or unintelligible. Gibbled: messed up, not right. Defenestrate - to throw (someone) out of a window

Such a classy-sounding way to say you chucked something/someone out of a window! Egocentrism. Thinking everyone feels the same way you do about everything--like a child who gives his mom a toy car for her birthday. Bifurcate - divide into two branches or forks Superfluous: unnecessary, especially through being more than enough. Ineffable - something that can't be explained using words Vivisection (viv?i?sec?tion) - A dissection on a living specimen, usually referring to human subjects. 

It is also used to describe ruthlessly sharp and detailed criticism or analysis. 

Plus it just rolls off the tongue **Soliloquy**   
/s??l?l?kwi/   
noun: soliloquy; plural noun: soliloquies   
An act of speaking one's thoughts aloud when by oneself or regardless of any hearers, especially by a character in a play.   
   
...Which is basically what being in Reddit feels like sometimes! :) Virophage - pretty much mini viruses that infect regular viruses and inhibit or impair their reproduction. Limerence /?l?m?r?ns/ A state of mind resulting from romantic attraction, characterized by feelings of euphoria, the desire to have one's feelings reciprocated, etc Panacea - a solution to all problems Encephalon: the brain wonky. slightly off, feel dizzy. *Ineffable: too great or extreme to be expressed or described in words*

Great way to say there are no words to describe the situation crepuscule - twilight in French, should be an accent above the "u" I think. The sound of this word issues joyously and with such ease into life when it is correctly pronounced by a native speaker. It is one of my "most beautiful" words. Onomatopoeia: A word that phonetically imitates or resembles the sound that it describes e.g. "oink". What's your advice for getting a replacement for broken products that are still under warranty?  Call the phone number on the warranty and tell the person your product is broken but still under warranty. I purchased a camera back in October 2015 that has barely been used. It's been in a drawer for months and I took it out last week only to find that it doesn't operate correctly anymore. It's still under manufacturer warranty and I have the receipt. I am leaving for a once in a life time trip to Alaska in 9 days and I NEED a camera. I don't have time to send it back and get repaired. I am calling them today to try and have this solved. Any good tips from previous experiences? If you could cross over any two franchises/brands in any medium which would they be?  House of Cards X. Street Fighter What's the most awkward converation you've had with your parents?  We were playing Cards Against Humanity with my mom and stepdad. The card came up with "reverse cowgirl". Mom had no idea what that was, so a couple of the ladies explained to her. She blurts out, "Oh! We did that one time, right, Bob?"

Horrified screams mixed with laughter erupted. That time my dad got an email from the cable company saying they were cancelling our internet service because someone illegally torrented a movie titled "Kelly Divine is ButtWoman: Vol.2" which he proceeded to print out and confront me about...but not until after having his company's IT guy check things out to find out who exactly in the house was responsible I'm actually gonna post my story here ... even though this is definitely something I swore never to retell to a living soul standing right now on this planet.

Once upon a time, about a year ago a horny foxykittyshark thought it would be a glorious idea to by a butt-dildo while living with parents. OHO, my good lad, this wasn't just a normal state of the art dildo. NONONO, this was a dildo large enough to penetrate and pierce even the most vast and treacherous trenches across the expansive and limitless ocean floor. A color of cold ebony ... a texture of a strong and veiny neck ... it was my ultimate liquidly vivid sexual fantasy ...

See, this wasn't for simple and trivial anal pleasure, this was **ADVANCE ANAL STIMULATION ... FOR THOSE GAYER THAN A FUN SIZE PACK OF A TROPICAL SKITTLES** ...

I tried to time the delivery of my $49.99 black dildo to arrive during a weekend when my parents wouldn't be home ... but what was this? It arrived two whole days early?

What was *this?* My mom managed to get her clingy witch hands on the package first? I still remember the look she gave me ... Drunk dad comes in.

Dad: Hey can you search porn for me.

Me: What's porn?

Dad: Okay Probably the conversation I had with them the morning of my wedding, where they spent a solid three hours in their hotel lobby begging me to call it off and not get married.  Did everything they could think to do to guilt me out of it, convince me I'll regret this decision, I'm a terrible son for disobeying them, I'm disobeying God because I'm disobeying them, they cried, accused me and other people of terrible things.  Literally anything they could think to do or say.

Sucks for them, though.  They missed out on a fun wedding.  And my wife and I are still happily married and madly in love four and a half years later.  So they're also missing out on their son and daughter in law being in their lives. Years ago, When I was 15 I was over at my girlfriend's house and she had her room in the basement, which could not have been a better spot for us to be alone. Back then most of my life was a game of figuring out how her and I could be alone to "watch movies and hang out" so this was a godsend! The house made noise when people walked upstairs and she had the only room in the basement. It was a dream come true. 

So one night her and I are downstairs in her room and we start making out - i know where this is going to lead so in the back of my mind i'm thinking we're safe from being caught. 

There was just one thing I didnt truly consider... 

I looked up to the top corner of the room and I see a window. It had no curtains covering it... But it was just a small basement window usually found and the bottom part of houses so I didnt think anyone would be there! Plus the window was on a side of the house which faced a wooded hill so I assumed that no one would be there given the amount of effort it'd take to reach the damn window.

But anyway, We make out and it just kinda leads into a pretty sweet blowjob and she's just going at it and its a fun time and I realise pretty soon I'm going to cum and she was cool with swallowing so I'm just sitting there enjoying it and at the critical moment... 

I hear a bang. 

Not just any bang.... The loud thud of something hitting a window. 

My face turned as I came and I locked eyes with my girlfriends mother - looking through the window with horror as my jizz fills her daughters mouth

HOLY FUCK was that uncomfortable. 

She called my parents over and we all had a nice half hour chat in the living room about it. So that fucking sucked. When I told my mother that I had gotten my girlfriend pregnant. "Are you fucking kidding me right now?" was her response if I remember correctly. It was so hard trying to start the conversation. When I was 17 or so, my mom caught me fooling around with my boyfriend at the time - second base kind of stuff. Her reprimand included the sentence "Don't do anything with a boy you wouldn't want your father to see. He may not always be around, but God is always watching." 

That was 12 years ago and it still creeps me out. When they found out about my little pony folder. I'm 23, not engaged and haven't had any children. First gen in my family to break that cycle. So despite my parents seeing me date people all through school and dating someone for 2+ years they still felt the need to ask if I was either gay or barren. When i was sixteen my first girlfriend's mom found her birth control, confronted me, and told me that i had two days to tell my parents or that she would.  So when i got home i called my parents into the kitchen and explained the situation.  Was not a fan. My parents found a backpack with all my weed paraphernalia in it. There also happened to be a ziploc bag full of sugar in it because my friend and I decided we wanted to try home brewing. I spent roughly 30 minutes convincing my parents the bag of sugar wasn't a large bag of cocaine even asking them to try it so they would see I'm not lying. Oh man.. There have been so many awkward conversations..

Highlight reel: When my Mom found my vibrator and subsequently threw it away because she was so horrified, when I accidentally alluded to my Dad that I wasn't a virgin, when my then-boyfriend-now-husband's mom came home waaay early and heard us in the midst of stellar sexytime and then called us down for some 'splainin... 

I am a magnet for awkward conversations ? Hey Mom, so... I like guys the way I should like girls... (awkwardness ensues) I got called into the school office because I had a nude photos thing going on with this girl, and she got pissed and said I was harassing her. Nothing came of it in the end but having to deal with my mom was terrible. So let me preface this with the fact I have several sex toys and a friend who knows about them; he loves to say random shit at random times(usually sex/inappropriate at most times) So I'm on the phone with him and me and my mom are talking and she asks to put him on speaker cause she wants to talk to him too.  A few minutes pass and he says "Hey AQNexus's mom, you son has a bunch of sex toys in his top left drawer". She looks at me, walks away and simply says that were not going to talk about it. Oh the dragons balls were blazin' as I stepped into his cave,

Then I sliced his fuckin' cockles,

With a long and shiny blade! Probably when I came out as pansexual, mostly because I had the combined awkwardness of coming out as LGBT and the need to explain what exactly pansexuality was. Well, when they told me they were separating while eating a Mother's Day celebratory lunch at a restaurant leaps to mind. My sister was there, but found out years later she'd been briefed beforehand. My parents, never having announced a marital separation before, didn't know what to do, and tittered and wondered who should go first, almost like they were about to make some happy announcement ("you're getting a baby brother!"). I'm sure they were going through their own stuff, and how "right" a way is there to do that anyway? Decades later, Mother's Day remains not a favorite holiday. Trying to explain to them how while they were away on vacation I invited a stranger over and ripped my frenulum while having sex with her and had to go to the ER. My mom started asking me about the women who would come over late and night and leave early in the morning. I started giving her more detail than she wanted and then told me to say no more. I was living with my father a few years ago and had shingles (on my inner thigh). I went to the hospital and was prescribed valacyclovir for it.

One evening I came back in and my father was in a foul mood. I asked him what was going on and he went on a tirade about me whoring around, getting diseased up, and then expecting people to feel sorry for me because I had not been feeling well.

While I was out, he had found the prescription and called his brother, a doctor, to ask him what it was for and he said genital herpes. I was in the car with my mom and probably 8-ish year old brother when some subject came up that randomly lead to my brother asking what oral sex was. Ensue long, detailed explanation from my mom to my kid brother of how blowjobs work. I avoided my parents like the plague.  I'll bet we didn't speak a thousand words between us.  Less said the better. My silly speling mistakes for not proof-reading. My Mom was trying to talk to me about getting screened for prostate cancer because my Dad had it. 

Sorry, real life isn't a medicine commercial and that is not the kind of conversation a parent has with their adult child. What is the worst documentary you have ever seen?  Idiocracy I watched a documentary about Chinese workers making bead necklaces for Mardi Gras. The only entertaining part was when they told the factory workers about women flashing their boobs to get the beads. That Hitler lost the war such propaganda The Hills have Eyes. Eat the Sun. The documentary wasn't bad, the people that believed they could just stare at the sun for nourishment though. [America: Imagine the world without her.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/America:_Imagine_the_World_Without_Her)  Just boring and bad speculation. Religolous. It's an atheist talking against religion, but the guy picked the stupidest reliugious people to make himself look smart. Zeitgeist: The Movie What is it like for you personally when you have a 'case of the Mondays'?  Coffee fueled misery. I don't usually check my work email over the weekend, so sometimes I come in and there are a dozen emails about different things that all need my immediate attention, then it's like well, fuck. My puns are really bad 2016 has had its fair share of shocks and major events. What event shocked you the most?  Orlando. Gay man shooting up gay club is far too bizarre Brexit, it's quite a big descision and I was utterly shocked when I saw that it won on TV Victoria Wood passing. I still find it hard to process, her comedy was such a huge part of my life. Brexit might get topped by President Trump or Hillary in prison, but those are not certain yet. Trump not joking about running for President The presidential election Walking Dead S6 finale. 

I was livid. Alan rickman =( Redditors who have had experiences with sharks, what happened?  I ate it Foot long sandshark washed up on the shore next to my daughter.  Everyone wanted to take pictures of it but I just swam out into the water to get air in it's gills.

Eventually it came to and swam off, my daughter was 4 and thought I was a hero for saving her from a shark, too cute. I swam with the whale sharks in the Georgia Aquarium. It was fun. I went swimming with sharks. There were a few small ones that swam around, nothing too crazy. Not much happened, but it was interesting. I'm a diver and see sharks (mostly caribbean reef sharks) all the time. They're not vicious killing machines, they just mind their business for the most part. They trucked around like the rest of the big fish around me and minded their own business. 

Lots of fish in the sea have teeth and can fuck you up. Goliath grouper would make me shit harder a reef shark, for instance. I was on a fishing boat and someone caught a small shark.  They pulled it on board and smacked it with a bat a couple times.  I am assuming after that they took it home and ate it. Why is there no healthy virus?  Meh there are, but they are rare or being used in experimental projects. Viruses infect their host's cells and use them to reproduce, then kill them. When we're being used as the host, there is nothing healthy about them. 

But if you have them target bad bacteria or other infectious organisms like antibiotics do, then I guess you could consider them healthy for us. If you mean "viruses beneficial to the human body", the answer is either "yes" or "probably".  

> The gastrointestinal tracts of mammals are plush with viruses. So far, little is known about how these viruses affect their hosts, but their sheer number and diversity suggest that they have important functions, said Roossinck. For example, GI viruses that infect bacteria?known as phage?may modulate expression of bacterial genes involved in host digestion.
> 
> 
> 

From the American Society for Microbiology - [Source](https://www.asm.org/index.php/asm-newsroom2/press-releases/93495-viruses-you-ve-heard-the-bad-here-s-the-good) Virus reproduce by hijacking cellular machinery and resources to make as many copies of themselves as possible. So many that the host cell burst. This will never be a mutualistic (good for the virus and us) relationship without major changes to the viral life cycle. A virus is something that uses your cellular processes to multiply and spread. So I don't think that could ever be healthy. Because the very nature of a virus is to infiltrate your cells and take them over. They are inherently destructive. Maybe you could engineer a virus that only infiltrated cancerous cells, hmm.... Because the definition of the word "virus" is something that spreads and causes damage. There actually are [healthy viruses](http://www.iflscience.com/health-and-medicine/gut-viruses-join-gut-bacteria-fight-keep-us-healthy/) and they live in our stomachs. What would be your game plan if the purge actually existed?  Find a place or community that opposes the idea and is defended and stay safe there on that 1 day of the year Canada. Go out and purge, or at least dress up like I'm purging. The movies have never shown people out purging killing other purgers. I'd set up a kinder egg stand and kill all my customers. I'd have the eggs and the money. Find Rick. write an ask reddit about it and sit in my bunker and hit refresh I got ammo for days baby. Anyone steps foot on my property and they'll be dead before they can take cover I got ammo for days baby. Anyone steps foot on my property and they'll be dead before they can take cover be nice to everyone and bake some very tasty pies You better believe I'd go on a vacation for that day. But part of me would be concerned with who is messing with the house/pets. So maybe, just maybe, I'd get armed to the teeth and set up turrets around my yard. Kill so many people everyone would be too scared to fuck with me Vacation on that day... Hole up in my house and hope for the best. Because The Purge wouldn't, in practice, end up being about getting rid of the bad elements of society; it'd be people with burning hatred inside killing anyone they disagree with, people (and not just criminals) looting and stealing anything they take a shine to, and neighborhood ne'er-do-wells doing as much destruction as possible just because they can. Attempt bank robbery so I may have a successful life afterwards I have one name on my bucket list. Then just bug out somewhere faaaaaar in the woods and wait for the night to pass. Get a boat full of supplies and sail to the middle of the ocean. Who is the most bizarre "internet celebrity"?  For me, pewdiepie. I mean, i cringe every fucking time i open a video of him. They way he speaks, the way he tries to be funny, omg, cringe detected.  
And yet, the guy is the #1 youtuber. Tila Tequila. Chris Chan Keemstar Redditors why is your neighbor amazing?  He's far enough away that I don't have to interact with him. Because he sales blow and bud for super cheap. He makes absolutely no noise, he cleans the hallway regularly and works long hours and has no pets. What's a mistake you only make once?  Skydiving without a parachute. walk on a train track Suicide bombing you lose at russian roulette Flight attendants, what are some weird/scary moments you've had while at work?  I was a flight attendant for a regional airlines and worked onboard Embraer 145s. For those of you unfamiliar they're fairly small and cramped. My jumpseat was against the wall separating the flight deck so I could often hear things happening in there, most commonly audible warnings from the plane. I eventually learned to not be too concerned when I hear things like GLIDESLOPE GLIDESLOPE! and WIND SHEER WIND SHEER. 

So one night it's pretty late and we're flying from Denver to Durango. It's usually a bit turbulent because of the mountains and wasn't uncommon for us to be warned ahead of time. This time I had been told to get up under no circumstances, strap in and enjoy the ride. 15 minutes into the flight it's pitch black because I have the lights off, it's so turbulent I'm convinced we are going to bounce into a mountain and I start hearing alerts from the flight deck. At one point there was a rapid series of dings and then it felt like we were sideways and dropped 1000 feet. People were screaming and crying and honestly that is the only moment of my career where I thought "this is how I die".

We eventually land safely and everyone is shaken, including the pilots. Turns out we were getting bounced around so much it had kicked the autopilot off and it wouldnt reengage. It also knocked the APU around enough that it was fucked and had to be replaced. We spent an hour at the airport logging all of the maintenance issues.

Other highlights of my career included Sarah Palin freaking the fuck out when we got hit by lightning, an altercation in which a passenger through his fully packed rollerboard at my head, a townie pulling a gun on us at a bar in St Louis, a near collision at Hartford CT airport that made national news, and having to evacuate the plane because of a fire and screaming at people because they were too concerned with trying to film things than get to safety when a fire was burning next to a fuel truck.

Never a dull moment at that job. My wife was a flight attendant. There was a bathroom and some couple decided they wanted to join the Mile High Club. The man went in and the lady was to walk in later on. The man is fully naked and he's locked the door until the wife knocks on the door quietly. The wife must have been scared or whatever because she didn't get up. An obese man saw the guy walk in earlier and went over to see if he was okay. He knocks, the door unlocks. He quickly hurries in since he thinks that the guy needs help and doesn't want to be embarrassed. He ends up actually gets stuck in the doorway. My wife witnessed all of this Obligatory not a flight attendant story. 

I was on a plane just chilling and a man stand ups with a beer and a knife he got on to the plane somehow. Totally thought he was gonna try to hijack the plane. Instead he uses the knife to open his beer and sits back down. A flight attendant came and politely asked him for the knife until the end of the flight, and he obliged. It was terrifying for about 2 minutes but that's it Not a flight attendant. But I once watched a fully grown man state that he couldn't hold it anymore right as the seatbelt sign turned on for landing and proceed to whip it out and pee in a water bottle in the middle of a plane descending for landing. The dude just showed his penis to everyone. I'm not a flight attendant but this story involves one. I was on a flight back from Florida. FA taps me on the shoulder and asks if I would please move to the emergency exit. I say sure so she runs through how the door works and what I would need to do if need be. We taxi and take off she's in the jump seat facing me and were having some small talk. Suddenly at about 5k feet there is a loud bang and the door moves ever so slightly. Same thing happens at 10K and she looks visibly upset. She asks me what was that? I said I don't know but I'm not taking off this seatbelt, it stayed on the entire flight.  I think I was more un-nerved by her reaction than the noise. She looked on the verge of tears. Not very exciting but there it is.

Edit: for bad spelling.If I remember it was United airlines. Not a flight attendant, but my mom is. She was once on a flight where a man got so drunk that he decided to piss on the two people sitting next to him. One being an underaged girl and the other being a dwarf (dwarf couldn't run or move because, dwarf)  and when the Air Marshall  arrested him he asked "Am I being arrested because it was sexual." Tacked on sexual assault to the charges. Also, another time she walked into the bathroom and someone had written on the mirror "there's a bomb onboard!" in red lipstick. When I was 10 I got up to use the bathroom on the plane. Being my first flight ever, I just found the first door and followed the instructions to open it. I pulled for a few seconds before giving up and getting my dad. I walked him back to the emergency exit and told him the bathroom door wouldn't open. He froze for a second, grabbed my arm and ushered me to the obviously labelled restroom and never mentioned it again.


What I'm curious about is why all the other passengers around the door didn't question why I was vigorously jiggling the emergency exit handle at altitude, just slowly waiting for fate to work is magic. I've just had my interview to be a flight attendant, so this is a magical thread to read. ITT: Not a flight attendant, but... Let me set the scene for you: it is 9 o clock at night on Hawaiian Airlines and the flight attendants have just finished their coffee service. I'm sitting down, trying to get some sleep. The in-flight entertainment, however, had just begun: about three rows in front of me, a couple is having an argument. The girlfriend is screaming at the boyfriend about how everything is awful. Favorite quotes for the girlfriend (the boyfriend said about three words during this time):

"I AM LITERALLY WHISPERING RIGHT NOW" (Heard from 10 rows forward and back)

"Look what you've done. Everybody is looking at us, and you're making a scene."

Several times during this argument, the flight attendants came over and tried to ask her to calm down. Finally, one flight attendant walks to her row and says:

"Ma'am, I'm going to have to ask you to remain quiet or I will escort you off this plane."

Woman: (laughing) "We're over the Pacific Ocean."

Flight attendant: "Yep." Also not a flight attendant, but heres my story.

Was flying through the midwest when traveling to look at colleges, and we were in the middle of drink service when we start to hit some unexpected turbulence. Its starts off as only a little rocking back and forth but seems to be getting worse. The flight attended has stopped walking down the aisle and is holding onto a seat to keep her balance when we must have hit a pocket of air as the plane dipped so suddenly she flew right up off the aisle, hit the roof of the plane, fell back down and ran full sprint down the aisle to her seat and strapped in. I will always remember the gasp among the passengers and then silence as everyone looked around wondering if this is how we die. Not a flight attendant but I was going from one paintball event in Toronto to another in NY but had to bring some gear with me because I didn't have duplicates to send down to NY with my buddies. I didn't want to bring any checked baggage so I ended up carrying my paintball gun in a backpack. 

Lucky me, I was selected for the random search while waiting at the gate. So I walked up to the guard and had to explain to them what they were going to find before opening my bag. They laid all of my equipment out on a table (gun, barrels, mask and some other misc stuff). I was shitting bricks while she was going through my pack. The she just let me go. No questions, just got to pack up and get on the plane. 

Mind you, this was pre-911. I totally sexed. Aircraft Mechanic here, had to go out to a plane the other night that made an emergency landing diversion due to a medical emergency. I got up to the jet bridge as EMS wheeled a  deceased passenger off of the aircraft. We ended up replacing most of the emergency medical equipment on the plane and sending them on their way. Not me, not a flight attendant but a friend who's a chef/cook working for an airline. One part of his job is to talk to first class and business passengers to make sure they're happy. 

This one guy from economy somehow managed to get to the first class area to use the bathroom. On his way back he notices one of the first class passengers is Harry Kewell and apparently he was a big fan. He  starts scream cheering "Harry, Harry Kewell!!! Harry, Harry Kewell!" like "Daddy, daddy cool." Harry, clearly a nice fella, doesn't wanna break this guys heart so points at his head and gestures him to to calm down as if he had a headache.

The guy keeps going but this time whispering "Harry, Harry Kewell... Harry, Harry Kewell..." My friend told me Harry's confused and amazed face was something to see. 

To this day, we'll just whisper "Harry, Harry Kewell..." to each other at random moments. It never gets old. Not me, not a flight attendant but a friend who's a chef/cook working for an airline. One part of his job is to talk to first class and business passengers to make sure they're happy. 

This one guy from economy somehow managed to get to the first class area to use the bathroom. On his way back he notices one of the first class passengers is Harry Kewell and apparently he was a big fan. He  starts scream cheering "Harry, Harry Kewell!!! Harry, Harry Kewell!" like "Daddy, daddy cool." Harry, clearly a nice fella, doesn't wanna break this guys heart so points at his head and gestures him to to calm down as if he had a headache.

The guy keeps going but this time whispering "Harry, Harry Kewell... Harry, Harry Kewell..." My friend told me Harry's confused and amazed face was something to see. 

To this day, we'll just whisper "Harry, Harry Kewell..." to each other at random moments. It never gets old. I was on a plane to New Mexico when all of a sudden the hydraulics went. The plane started spinning around, going out of control, so this one passenger decides it's all over and whips out and starts beating it right there. So all the other passengers take a cue from him and they start whipping it out and beating like mad. So all the passengers are beating off, plummeting to their certain doom when all of a sudden the hydraulics kick back in and the plane rights itself. It lands safely, and everyone puts their pieces or whatever, you know away, and you know, deboard. Nobody mentions the phenomenon to anyone. [deleted] When I was flying with Oceanic Airlines, we had this brutally long flight out of Sydney.  I was out partying the night before with my friend Jacob at a Drive Shaft concert and I nearly missed my flight.  Anyway, so I get there just in time for pre-flight checks.  All boarded and ready to take off I notice we have a B list celebrity, Charlie from Drive Shaft!  He is clearly coming down off a high so I offer him some water and some aspirin.  The flight takes off without much of a hitch but about 300 miles in we hit some rough turbulence.  Remarkably, we pull through the rough part and as I was about to continue meal service, we begin to descent and the hull of the plane splits into three parts.  I black out and dream about landing in paradise.  Turns out I landed on an island that can time travel.  I made so many good friends there!  I made it off the island on a submarine with my friend Charles Whitmore.  Bet you didn't know, submarines are immune to time travel! Redditors who have terrible in-laws. What did they do?  What are some great scenes in mediocre movies?  Bullet hitting Superman's eye in Superman Returns **Batman vs Superman**: Bruce Waynes perspective of the battle between Zod and Superman. During Man of Steele I didn't even consider what is happening below in the streets. The dude with the squashed leg was really corny, but other than that it was an interesting scene. Quicksilver's scene X-Men: Apocalypse. Christoph Waltz and James Francos big opening seen in green hornet The new guy is a dumb movie with three or four great scenes, [this is my favorite](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFN4yDCVosQ) (he's new in that school so he's trying to be cool now) The abortion scene in Prometheus. The helicopter scene in Terminator Salvation. Connor runs back to the chopper and gets in to take off. Why in the air a nuke explodes and he crashes. You sit there looking at him for several minutes until he finally unbuckled his safety harness and falls upwards, at which point you realize they flipped the chopper with Bale and the camera operator inside. Just a super intense scene. I absolutely love the racetrack scene in Iron Man 2. I love anything Silent Hill up to and including the first movie. It was a fine film and really did a good job setting the tone of what Silent Hill was (plus making Pyramid Head an unstoppable juggernaut was awesome). That being said, I abhor everything that is Silent Hill: Revelations.

The acting is awful. The art direction is awful. The characters are awful. Even the music is awful. There is one moment in the movie that  is honestly good though. Malcom Mcdowell is talking to the protagonist about the town and she asks him what Silent Hill is. He laughs and replies:

"There are many Silent Hills."

This was the single redemptive line of dialogue in this movie. Silent Hill fans will know why this line excites me, but for everyone else this is the closest we have ever had to acknowledging the craziness that is SH. Silent Hill is not one single place, but its something used as a way to punish ourselves. We all have our own Silent Hill. Weapons room fight/freeway chase in Matrix Reloaded Kevin Harts scene in 40 Year Old Virgin Terminator 2 - mercury man being exploded into a million pieces then pooling together and reemerging as a terminator. What is the most disgusting thing you can imagine?  OP's mom Rosie oddonel Take a flat placenta, spread fecal matter on it, dice rotten eggs that have been marinating in period blood, and put that on top, get some puke that is mostly bile and squirt that on top, and eat it like a burrito. For me it's having a whole hospital full of sick people pick their nose and add it to a giant ball of boogers and mucous and then taking a bite out of that ball like an apple and chewing and swallowing it. That's fucking nasty. Piss n' shit. Donald Trump How normal is it to crush on your own spouse?  On earth, we call that romance. its time for a divorce Usually that's considered cute? Romantic? A lot less normal than it should be, I guess. What piece of information would have been useful in the beginning?  In the beginning of what...?  Time?  School?  Reading this post? What 140 character Tweet would you send your past self anytime from July 15, 2006 onward?  Stop using Twitter. And Facebook She will cheat on you, your supervisor will assault you, the next girl is wrong for you, it will be ok, your friend from school is the one. I would tell myself all major stock changes and get rich A list of dates like in the movie with Nicholas Cage where the kid has the dates of all the tragedies. A list of all the preventable ones and try and convince people to listen to me. Or just stock tips. That would be good. What single event put things into perspective for you?  Probably my birth. Before that everything was just all mixed up. The mother of my former roomate just got diagnosed with cancer, she has an adopted daughter of 9 aswel. She has until about september, it surprised me how one day you could be told that you have 2.5 months to live 9/11 2001. After that I knew I hated the Jews. They had a hand in it. What famous writer is an ass?  Most of them George RR Martin is getting pretty grumpy after the wall "tv show passing the books" thing, but i understand his side, last night the show revealed a 20 years book mistery that still isn't revealed on the books. George RR Martin. 

I saw him in the lobby of a pretty nice resort about 6 - 8 months ago and thought , *"Hey, maybe I can get his autograph as he leaves the front desk."* so I stood by and waited.

As I was standing there I heard him berating the desk staff and screaming at his "assistant" (a young girl in her late 20's to early 30's) who was crying. What was he upset about? I don't even know where to start... It was things that 99.999% of the human race would consider so trivial, that they wouldn't even give them a second thought. 

Only 6 washcloths, not 8?? How dare they! 

Only 2 Snickers bars in the snack tray? **DON'T YOU KNOW WHO I AM???**

Get my agent on the phone! You're FIRED! Have you got my agent yet? GET ME THE OWNER OF THIS RESORT RIGHT NOW!!!

HOW DARE YOU NOT HAVE ME AN EXTRA PILLOW!!!

Everything that the staff, managers, and his assistant did to try and appease him just seemed to infuriate him more.

*...and it just went on and on and on and (ad infinitum)...*

Suffice it to say... Not only did I **NOT** want his autograph, it took every bit of my willpower NOT to go beat him to a bloody pulp...

But... I still love GoT, so I guess it's partially my fault that he feels so entitled. J.K. Rowling sounds insufferable You are entrusted with making sure a big red button that's displayed out in the open will never be pushed. What do you write on it in big white letters to prevent a catastrophe?  Out of Order "this button is covered in super Aids."

Edit: fuck you auto correct. "Kills Morgan Freeman." Press to kill everyone you love. Press if you want to hear my new mixtape Post Box. Press for rosie odonnel "I'm screwed with this task" Don't touch "High Voltage" and then a electric symbol DON'T PRESS YOU GITS 
  YOU ARE BEING WATCHED "Push to Contact EA Customer Service." Anyone that presses this button will have their photo taken and immediately listed in the international pedophile database. All pedophiles, please press now. [serious] people who live on or near busy streets, what's your method to get a good night's rest?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* White noise.  Doesn't really matter the source, although I don't recommend a washer or dryer since they have fairly short active cycles.  A music CD, ocean waves or whatever, or even just a desk fan can work.  Make sure not to break down the desk fan for the screws though. I've always slept by a busy road so im pretty adjusted to it.

fun thing is now i actually need the noise, i went on a cabin holiday and i couldnt get a wink of sleep because it was "too quiet" some people need whale song, i need traffic. Seriously, you will get used to it fairly quickly. There will be the odd occasion where someone with a turbo b-b-b-braaads down the street, but mostly it tends to become white noise and you will sleep through most if not all of it, including sirens and horns. Get a really loud fan and keep it running. You get use to it, I lived in a busy street with lots of cargo trucks and semis passing by our door all night until I was 19 and never had a problem with it. It was great for me as a teenager, because my mom wouldn't notice if I took her car out or how late I got home. good isolation and double glass windows helps Learn to sleep with headphones, it will change your life. I have a pair of Panasonic headphones (I forget exactly which model) which don't go out past my years so they're really easy to sleep with. Then I play either rain sounds or soothing music and it works better than anything else I've tried You get used to it fairly quickly. Keep the temperature down in my apartment so I can bundle up and feel comfortable, and then I also have a fan going and A/C going for some white noise.

Then I sit there dreaming of all the fucking stupid tourists I would slap the fuck out of my town. Get used to it. That's all.

I have 3 ticking clocks in my room, and a friend who slept in my room was freaked out by it. The friend who also lives next to a busy street so no cars, buses, people shouting nor sirens bother him. But ticking clocks do...

You'll most likely get used to it soon.  
You could try listening to music, maybe. What big grand prize have you won from a contest? What was the value of said prize?  I won a trip to London to watch the Broncos play the 49ers in 2010.  Was my first live NFL game.  Won it through US Bank's Touchdown in London sweepstakes.  When they called I had forgotten I had even entered it because "nobody wins those things."  Total value of prize was about $6200.  Got to meet John Elway, Floyd Little, and Gary Zimmerman.  And the cheerleaders :) I won a case of Raspberry Snapple from a local radio station when I was 14. I won $1000 in a radio contest back in 2009. 

My sister won a trip to Portland to meet Charlie Puth last year and took me on it.  It was 2 round trip tickets from Savannah to Portland.  Plus, 2 nights at the Hotel DeLuxe. I think the total was about $2500.00 for the trip.  Boy was she angry at the taxes she had to pay! She only entered the contest as a lark.  She really wanted to win a contest for money by the same station. from ticketmaster- a trip for 4 to orlando, florida for 3 days/4 nights that included airfare, hotel stay, and 4 tickets to see marvel universe on ice. it was cool to take my parents and little brother on a vacation since it had been years since they could afford to go. the value was something like 3 to 4 thousand? i lost them email unfortunately. Single Parents of Reddit, what happened to your partners?  According to the official record, an accident. It's amazing what a little sob story and planning can do for you. I left him when our son was 3 months old but I should have left long before that. He was abusive, liked to party a lot and cheated too many times to count. What's a song in which the lyrics tell a story but the main "narrator" is self-delusional or otherwise unreliable?  the Spill Canvas Natalie Marie and 1cc, Spoilers for the song***it's about a girl the singer loves, everyone tells him she is fake, she is no good for him. and the twist is she isn't real, he is a schizophrenic. Purple Toupee by They Might Be Giants. It's about major events in the 60's, but he keep mixing things up. [Serious] What would be the best way for a democracy to deal with a vote to exclude and discriminate against a section of its population?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Pass legislation forbiding it. In a "true" democracy, whatever the majority votes for will become law whether it is just or not, however this can be prevented. Founding documents in democratic countries, like the US Constitution, protect specific rights so that none can oppress the rights of others even by vote. This is why the Supreme Court can overturn democratically enacted bills. Just wondering so I understand the context, but would this be in reference to brexit? Funeral Directors of Reddit, tell us a story?  If you could have one super power in the comic world and one in the real world, respectively, which two would you choose?  What aspect of modern society annoys you the most?  As a 37 M dad, I see a lot of shared content on Facebook (among my peers) about how kids today suck because of video games & smart phones. I don't think kids today suck, it's the parents that suck. My son is 13 years old, and of course he'd choose to sit in the air conditioning all day and play PS4; he's a kid and video games are fucking awesome. I want to sit in the air conditioning and play PS4 all day too, but I'm an adult and I know that's a colossal waste of time so I have to teach my son the same thing. He's in soccer year-round, and I spend most of my day after work driving to games & practices, but you know what? It's totally worth it. My kid gets out, he makes friends, he competes, and sure, sometimes I have to pull the plug on electronics which pisses him off, but I know the kid still loves me, so I do it. If you're kid isn't going outside, take him/her outside and do something with them. Drive them to a friend's house, walk the dog...do anything but bitch about it on Facebook. The amount of people that manage to somehow function in society with zero situational awareness or acknowledgement of reality. Despite it being beamed right into the phone they stare at all day long. The fact that everyone wants to blame someone or something other than themselves for there screw ups. People wanting you to be honest, but then get offended when you are being honest. No one can commit to anything. Making plans in advance is impossible. People wait till the last minute to make sure nothing else is going on before finally committing. People who leave the sticker on their hats The rat race. Too much about sex and not enough about love. I feel like no one uses logic and/or common sense anymore, and that gets pretty irritating at times. Or how some people just lack the ability to be open minded, idk if that has anything to do with modern society, but it gets on my nerves sometimes. That near everyone cares more about themselves then they do about society. The fact that so many people cannot be trusted. We make stupid people famous. Tumblr and all the freaks that contribute to the self absorbed, circle jerk of hatred. That and the enabling that goes on on there, justifying people saying they have PTSD because of pathetic shit like twitter trolls with trigger warnings and such like. Why they think the world has to bend over backwards to accomodate and show their undying respect to them, just because they're insane enough to call themselves genderfluid or some other tumblrism is beyond me, especially when they constantly spew stuff like cis people should die all the time. Hypocritical dickheads. Everyone's a bunch of apathetic zombies glued to their smart phones. The increasing disparity between the wealthy and the poor. 

And it feels like noone does a thing. 

Obviously, some states do something, but it ain't enough. If the disparity increases through time, there will be a rise in conflicts. People don't go to concerts to enjoy the performers. They go to snap pictures so that everyone knows that they were at the concert. Why can't people just think? [deleted] Modern society seems to leave most people without any real sense of identity or self, so they try to adopt one invented by others. People are unable to even describe themselves without categorizing themselves to do it. They consciously mold themselves into this or that archetype. When going out to a restaurant everyone is on there phones. Spend time with people. Talk! So many in society seem to think that democracy means they get their way (which is always "the correct way") and all other views/opinions are wrong and should be dismissed or ridiculed. Politics basing decisions off religious beliefs. 

Religion in general. You immediately get prescribed antidepressants from an early age if you show symptoms of sadness or apathy. Depression isn't always a strictly chemical imbalance. More than we assume, it's a conflict with our own selves that arises from losing ourselves in this modern day society. Some don't even get to find out who they are ...and you can't treat that with pills. The expectation of something in return... nobody does anything anymore just because or just for the good of all. Selfies. The fact that that is an actual word pisses me off. What is even worse is that someone thought that would be a good name for a TV show. Fighting/ arguing via text message. Everything has to be a conspiracy theory. Especially if it involves humans doing something that animals don't. The shallow materialistic focus on Wants , not Needs People expecting to be respected, instead of earning it. On a personal level, people getting arsey when they can't contact me 24/7 Taking picture of the food that they didn't make.

If you're going to brag, brag about your SKILL, not your MONEY. I feel like an obedient dog waiting to eat my food whenever someone tries to hold the table for the food pics. Goddamnit. Dating its become such a fucking game. If you had a good time on the date you can tell that evening or next day it won't scare me that 3 days shit is redic. Also don't say you would love a second date then never answer my texts or phone calls. Just be honest and say "hey I had a good time but I don't think were a good fit" or some other line because at least I know you're straight up not interested. The fact that we now reward excessive narcissism. The fact that almost every aspect of our lives revolves around money. Excessive cleanliness.  Over bathing.  Over laundering of clothes.  Etc. All these people throwing water on the ground in front of their houses to keep up an aesthetic that was set up by a bunch of racists 100 years ago. A significant amount of our nations supply of fresh water goes straight on the ground. Holy shit it drives me crazy. Such a massive waste of water yet no one seems to care. What's the coolest/most badass thing you've found out about your parents?  My dad used to be a chemist and has like 6 different patents. I thought that was pretty awesome of him. My mom ran from the cops at 14 while carrying her younger brother and making sure her other brother was fast enough and did it to avoid being taken back to an abusive family. She was successful. Also that she had a job and an apartment at 16, took care of her two younger brothers on her own (with some financial support from her parents), and managed to finish high school. 

My mom worked her ass off and did good for her brothers. My father made it through boot camp with double pneumonia, I have his yearbook from the camp, everyone saying what an inspiration he was. 

Then when he was in Viet Nam his demolition truck got blown up by a mortar, he got concrete in his eyes. He was blind for several weeks until his eyes healed, at which time he went right back in. 

After his tour, he was stationed in Germany where he was killed by a drunk driver 11 days before I was born. 

My grandfather was a machinist at the Railroad most of his life. He was working on a locomotive engine one day when it blew up. The explosion blew him about 30 feet out of the cab and I into a drainage ditch, which put out the fire on his body. Lucky for him he put his arms up in front of his face immediately before the explosion which saved his face but badly burned his forearms. He was burned over a good portion of his body, his polyester clothing melted to his skin. The doctors were going to do skin grafts to him but he healed before they could do it. He's 88 years old now and you can't even see the scars anymore. Crazy healing. 

My grandmother was in a car accident when she was pregnant with my mother. She was ejected from the vehicle and landed on her back about 20 feet from the accident. 

My mother died in childbirth having me, the doctors brought her back... twice. 

The Man upstairs doesn't want me here. My dad has so many incredible stories from his youth. Lived in London in the late 60s/early 70s
Bought platform boots from Freddie Mercury who worked on a shoe stall (pre-Queen). 
Shared a flat with the drummer from Pink Floyd. 
He also once worked in a vodka distillery and when changing the machinery parts would have to collect the alcohol remaining in the pipes so it didn't leak everywhere. He'd collect them in a flask and take it home. He then threw a party with this almost pure alcohol and had a bath filled with punch it was so strong. 

He's got some amazing stories :) My dad was one of a handful of nuclear engineers that was flown to Atlanta to help come up with a fix for Fukushima. According to my uncle, my dad had matijuana in his sock drawer from time to time as a teenager. My dad was part of a before school fight club from middle through high school. What's the creepiest sentence you can say out of nowhere?  While they're eating, make eye contact and say: How do I taste? Just add "ladies" to the end of every sentence you say.

Edit: Thanks for the gold, /u/LordNicht! You smell different when you're awake. .....So I said to my doctor, "I thought this was a prostate exam. Not recess!" just scream at the top of your lungs "It's happening again"

then continue on like nothing happened. Walk up to a stranger, shake their hand and say, "This is going to hurt me more than it hurts you." And then just walk away. Act like you're talking on the phone and yell "I thought she was 18 not 14" At a BBQ
"Kids dont play overthere, the soil is still soft" Can I thump your pumperdoodle "Who you callin' psycho?" "Act like I'm not here" "I cant wait to wear your skin" always goes down well ".... So she says to me 'that's the biggest penis I've ever seen,' which is why I took her to the Penis Museum, where tickets cost $1,000." That's my fetish You can see me? 'MOIST' Do you know why you are scared when you are alone....I do. "The voices are telling me to kill everyone"
*Everyone looks at you puzzled
*you laugh and say, "I'm just kidding.  That's not what they said." And so it begins. And that's when I decided to enact my final plan I today asked a colleague at work, did you ever been locked up. I dont even know why I asked that Shit, dropped my penis again. "You smell diferent today." while in a crowded elevator at work. I want to stick my thumb in your ass Do you believe in magic? To someone you've never met - "You were amazing last night." Hey have you seen my incest anal rape trap manga lying around anywhere? She's too old for my liking. Was out to eat with a few friends a few years ago and I was talking to two of them and my other friend sitting next to me not talking at the moment just randomly said "I give good hugs" to this day I have no idea why he said it and he claims he doesn't know either I can't wait to eat you later. Get  real close to some one, start sniffing there neck.  Processed to say "now I can find you anywhere" Not a sentence, but smile when taking out a mosquito its leg, and saying how cool would it be to hear someone's screams when doing this to a person. "It was the most racist child porn I'd ever saw!" "I tried my best not to disturb you last night, I hope I wasn't too loud"

Innocuous enough when said to a friend or an SO, but say it to a stranger and it becomes crazy creepy! Had this happen to me at work yesterday, though it may not be the creepiest thing possible... 

He was trying on these cellphone pouches (the ones that you hang on your belt) and said he needed something durable because "I'm really rough with my toys" and he looked up and smiled creepily at me as he said it. I found that pretty creepy. I'm a guy, he was a guy, so I don't know what his intentions were but how he said it was probably creepier than what he said. 

So yeah. "I'm rough with my toys" gets a vote as a creepy thing to say out of nowhere. Not a sentence, but we used to do the bang on the table and yell "WHOOP!!" Repeatedly like Kramer from Seinfeld. Oh hey, you live alone right? She didn't tell me she was 3. I like your body parts. Hi...Hi...I'm Dennis!  I have a bunker! If you get in the bunker, then you'll be safe. For the good of the race we can create an entire race... "... and moving on to our next exhibit..." ''I'd kiss you all from head to toes. Not one spot missed''. Makes huge eyes and nods the head. ''You have such a soft and smooth skin. I bet it would feel great to wear it''. "That'll do nicely." Whispering "you feel softer than I had dreamed" after bumping into someone. "Did you know human flesh smells like pork when cooked?"

*Standing outside building fire.* "Mmm, anyone feel like pork chops?" "You smell so different when you're awake." You look tasty. Do you have any open sores? Have you heard of the tardogang? Allahu Akbar Did you hear that? Sugarboogers are invading, theyre everywhere!!!!!!!! What do you wish you had more time for?  Reading and watching shows.There are just so much of both that sound so good. Thinking of something funny to post as a response to an askreddit question.....damnit can't think of anything. Sex sleep. chores. hangout time with my SO & relaxing. Relaxing and taking care of chores at home. Also sleeping. Sleeping The gym so I can watch my shows. I wish I had more time for drawing things as there are many times that I am busy doing something and I want to draw something to boost creativity. What is one law that currently does not exist but absolutely should in 25 years?  All prospective voters must be taught the basics of how stuff works. It is illegal to tamper with a delivery drone's landing pad. The three laws of robotics! There can be no more laws passed until 5 current laws are removed from the books US presidents need to win with at least 60% of the vote If a teenager sends a nude to his/her partner, they won't be arrested, like I get the thinking behind it but it doesn't work and kids are getting labeled sex offenders for wanting to see their girlfriend in her underwear. Term limits for Congress If you serve as POTUS your children/direct family ought not be allowed to hold any offices. It is illegal to use the Snapchat dog filter in a profile picture in a Tinder account. All drugs legal Meat synthesized in a laboratory for public consumption can not be cultivated from human cells. Something about rape claims that are proven false. Not to be misinterpreted as rape claims where a verdict of not guilty is found. ones where it is proven the accuser made up the whole thing. Not just anyone should be able to bioengineer theirselves to extend their lives indefinitely . Otherwise only the rich and powerful will be able to afford immortality while the rest of us are left behind. This will only cause a rift in our population and cause a whole lot of problems for our species. Instead we should elect a small number of people in different feilds that will benefit humanity as a whole; people like astronauts, scientists, climatologists etc. imagine the discoveries guys like Einstein and Hawking could make if they had the collective knowledge of hundreds of years? Or astronauts travelling to interstellar space. If that makes sense. Humans are not allowed to operate motor vehicles Update current laws relating to freedom of the press to include the Internet. 

These would make it illegal to in any way impede the flow or creation of information or services to or by the people. 

Hopefully they will also make access to the Internet a basic human right. ITT: the responses get way dumber as you move down the thread. It should not permitted to drive your vehicle manually except in an emergency situation. Production and distrubution of sex robots with the apperance of children is illegal. circumcision needs to be illegal. It is illegal to walk your robot without a leash. All distribution of mass mind-controlling software must be declared in the programs terms of service.

So that when we skip through everything in the TOS, we are essentially giving our brains away. Use of genetically enhanced soldiers shall be forbidden Cyclists must write a written road test and get insurance. Laws pertaining who is at fault when a self driving car gets in a wreck No memes, no anime,  only pupper You can only do heroin in school if supervised by an adult and provided clean needles. Mandatory IQ testing before you're allowed to reproduce, and before you're allowed to vote. Teaching Christianity in our schools, I remember in the good days we are all better off learning about Jesus, while drinking sweet tea in our porches, even the colored kids joined in once in a while!! bless their hearts. Some sort of law with what age you can access the internet. I think they are probably going to need an age limit in the next 25-50 years but because all the old people generally have most of the money and power they'll try and wriggle out of it and ignore the overpopulation issues we're facing. Your vote counts for 100 minus your age, rounded to the nearest positive integer. [deleted] Laws setting limits on carbon dioxide production, probably including limiting individuals' use of cars. A constitutional amendment that clearly defines person hood for want of a better term as a single living human being, thus making Citizens United null and void Illegalizing selfies and emoji. What are you better at than all of your friends?  I don't know...but i've always wanted to name my kid better

Hi, I'm Derek...

hi, I'm better Cooking hahaha Math Not smoking anymore lol. Chess, I'm not even smarter, I'm just good at chess Fencing, hands down. Cooking, "WWF: No Mercy" on N64, drinking beers, and fixing stuff. Knitting. And unnecessarily worrying about everything.

(And programming, if you don't count work friends.) What do you eat for dinner when you don't feel like cooking?  Pizza/Chinese Take out Cereal Taco truck Cup noodles We get sushi delivered. hot dog on toast microwavable chicken nuggets Cheesefondue ham or turkey sandwich with cheese and veggies Ramen soup with a side of sadness. Cheddar cheese and Ritz Crackers, too many of them. Not including your teenage years, when were you caught masturbating/unusually nude and what were the consequences?  Blindness. Sister helped finish A few weeks ago, I had some alone time and was strategically using it to my advantage. It was early on a Saturday morning and no one was around. sitting on my bed, laptop beside me, I put on my headphones and began to performing articificial sex on my phallus.
Progress at close to 90%, I began to get "in the Zone" and failed to hear a person knocking on my door. I was so entranced in fact, that I didn't even break my concentration when the door began to open and on of my lady friends burst into the room with Dunkin' Doughnuts in hand. She then supposedly sat down in a chair and just started whistling. About thirty seconds later my "alone time" came to fruition, sexually satisfied noises and everything.
Taking my headphones off and turning my attention away from the laptop. I heard a voice say "That was entertaining." I then said, "Well, this is awkward..." to which she replied, "It's only awkward if you make it awkward." She then promptly stood up, and promptly left..
This interaction was never spoken of again.
That was my story, Reddit, what is your best caught masturbating story? If you, hypothetically, were drunk last night and bought twelve 10" dildos, where would you hide them in a normal house?  In my ass Need to know quickly. Oven, fridge, in the vents, kitchen drawers, siblings room, under the beds, in the couch, random places you might ever need them In the cleaning cabinet, under your matress In the basement in a box labeled mom's stuff Taped to the roof In the roof.  I have found two that have been thrown up in a rush. People hide strange things in their roof space and forget it's ment for access not hiding weird shit. Listen to me. Go to the ER. Now. GET AN X-RAY. Cereal boxes, food boxes....anywhere food and utensils are. I'd attach one to my AR as a bayonet. 

Then bury the rest in my neighbor's back yard. The glory hole. How many family members do you have? Are you in a football/rugby/cheerleading team? I'd buy a dozen hand guns and claim the dildos are suppressors. Oddly specific question, no? do you have any drawers in your house?

Remove drawers from their slots and put them behind drawers Get a menorah and pretend that you are doing Hanukkah early this year. Wardrobe Assuming I had to hide them, in the attic. Make a space between boxes, and in they go. Very few people look in the attic regularly, and even fewer go digging around.

Assuming I had to hide them quickly, don't have quick attic or basement access, and only had to hide them until I had an opportunity to get rid of them, I'd put one in the very back of each of the under-the-counter kitchen cabinets. Just wait until no one is home, take them out... and go stick them on a neighbor's fence-posts.

Or, if I had a good throwing arm (I don't), go out in the back yard, pick a direction where there are neighbors I don't know, and throw. What is the saddest song you can think of?  Alyssa Lies - a country song about a girl telling her dad about another girl at school who lies to the teachers to hide the fact that her parents abuse her. Dad decides next day he will report it but it's too late and they find out the girl was killed. Desiigner - Panda. Cats in the cradle. I have to change the radio or I cry everytime Alison Krauss and Brad Paisley- Whiskey Lullaby R.e.m everybody hurts Because of you by Kelly Clarkson Casmir Pulaski Day - Sufjan Stevens The rest of my life- Less Than Jake Counting Crows - [Colorblind](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3T7sf2EGZw) Jim Croce - Time in a Bottle Harry Chapin - Cats in the Cradle

Johnny Cash - Hurt (Trent Reznor said it was **his** song now!)

Brad Paisley - Whiskey Lullaby

Pink Floyd - Wish You Were Here

Or at least that's what got upvoted a lot when I read through this thread yesterday. Routine by Steven Wilson Of Mice & Men - When You Can't Sleep At Night Feast of friends - Jim Morrison Exit song for a film - radiohead

Save a place for me - Matthew west Patty Smyth - [The River Cried](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ex657965Dpk) - *About a breakup so sad it makes inanimate objects cry.*

Pat Benatar - [Hell Is For Children](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxYsi5Y-xOQ) - *'Cause you shouldn't have to pay for your love with your bones and your flesh...* Fiddler on the Green by blind guardian, the singer saw a kid get hit by a car... Girls, what are things a guy does on a first date that aces it?  Which "As Seen On TV" product actually works?  Shampoos [veggetti](http://buyveggetti.com/) What is something you have done with the best of intentions, but probably wasn't interpreted as such?  Bought my girlfriend roses one time. She accused me of cheating on her and this was my way of apologizing. She broke up with me. What is the stupidest thing you've ever seen someone do?  Drink a flaming Sambuca before extinguishing the flame... she's why we cannot sell anything on fire. I saw my drink friend put his finger in a strippers butthole. I once bought a baguette at a bakery and asked the girl to slice it into half inch slices. She turned around to the bread cutter then turned back around and asked "Is it OK if I cut this in half so it will fit in the machine?" You win the lottery for $10M, what is the most irresponsible thing you would do with that money?  Keep exchanging it into currencies with terrible exchange rates, then eventually back to dollars, just to see how much you could lose. Spend $9 999 999 on a wallet/purse to hold the $1 Make a fire Put it all on red Donated it to the Clinton Foundation Hire a Johnny Depp impersonator to wear a diamond suit in a 90 second movie. The most irresponsible thing would be following the OPs instructions. Buy 2.5M cases of bottled water. Buy a supercar Marry hot model without marriage contract. Buy a Vertu Live like Scott Storch Donate it to North Korea. Buy an Aston Martin First, I would have to quit my job.. since I don't have any coworkers that I hate, I wouldn't be screaming at anyone. Then I would give half of the money to my parents. AND THEN..

I will buy a small island and live there peacefully. Drugs. Buy hookers and cocaine. Give it all to the poor. Lots and lots of beef jerky Waste it all on clash royale or the neato update coming to tf2 Donate to the Sanders campaign. Buy a falcon or a hawk. $50,000 Crack party. fund a bid for presidency STEAM SALE Throw a luau party at Alcatraz I'd fulfill every damn wish list I have on Amazon and Steam, and I'd probably buy all the stuff on my 6 year old wedding registry too. 24k Gold Racing Bike.
http://www.firebox.com/product/7156/24k-Gold-Racing-Bike?via=wtf&viaTagId=68 tell everyone I have it, then quit my job. Tell your distant relatives. Irresponsible you say ?  Probably donate it to ISIS Invest in Trump Casinos'. Buy more lottery tickets. Forget that I bought a lottery ticket (or lose it) and not claim the $10 mil Buy roughly 1,500,000 more lottery tickets. I would build a house with secret passages, hidden rooms, and an underground bunker.  


I would also commission artists to build strange "artifacts" and mysterious documents which would be hidden *in* the walls as the place was being built.  They would all provide clues pointing to a hidden treasure.  


The hidden treasure would be buried somewhere on the property. It would be a waterproof safe containing  $100,000 in gold, a yellow rubber duck, and an unsigned note saying "Beware of rainy Thursdays... they are in the wiring." I would buy all new socks and all new shower mats. New socks and fluffy shower mats are awesome. Tell my girlfriend/get married! Spend it all on boosts for F2P games. Give it to the Trump campaign. Donate it to Anita Sarkeesian Donate it all to Donald Trump Fund Trump's campaign What facts are true about Georgia (the state) and Georgia (the country)?  What are your plans for the 4th?  Going to work because canada day is on the first. I don't know yet, but it will probably involve grilling and beer. Work and masturbate work and hopefully a picnic in the park to catch the fireworks by the Hudson River. [Serious]Why does it seem like a mature conversation about the Second Amendment is impossible on a national level?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I think it's because it's emotional. People are emotionally invested in their side of the argument and aren't open to hearing what the other side has to say. Each side only looks to what confirms their position, anything else is dismissed because it feels like a personal attack. Also, identity may be involved--this is what I believe, this is what I am. Because you have an absolute divide in whether people believe it's a fundamental civil right or not.  If you believe self defense is a right, anybody trying to restrict guns is trying to restrict your rights and your safety, which is just simply not acceptable.  If you're on the side that doesn't see it as a right, you can't possibly understand why people would protect it so absolutely.

Plus, the media has been absolutely terrible.  The amount of factually incorrect information (starting with basic terminology) and the scare mongering makes it impossible to cut through to the facts.  The amount of rhetoric that is blindly repeated only helps to further muddy the waters. Scott Adams offers a realist perspective on it:

http://blog.dilbert.com/post/146307088451/why-gun-control-cant-be-solved-in-the-usa Both sides think that the other side of the argument are absolute morons. The pro-gun people think the anti-gun people are just having a knee jerk reaction and don't know enough about guns to make an educated decision. Anti-gun people think pro-gun people are rednecks that live in the middle of no where drinking their moonshine and couldn't possible be as intelligent as they are with their fancy liberal education. Both sides hate the moderates. The moderates just want stricter licensing, and the pro gun people think that is infringing on their rights and a step in the wrong direction. The anti-gun people think the moderates aren't going to fix the problem because you can still get the guns. It's hard to have an honest, educated argument when you think everyone else is a total moron Because it's personal.  

People hear "gun ban" and think "I'm responsible, why shouldn't I be able to have these guns?"

Think about if you were a perfect driver, and all of a sudden, cars were banned in your town because of a string of accidents.  You would  think it's not fair, and you'd be right.  

Now, the purpose of that point isn't to equate guns with cars, because that's insane, but the emotional feeling of "You can't have this" is the same. I think it is possible for 90% of people out there. The problem with discussing this this issue is the same problem we have discussing anything on a national level, the talking heads on TV are all people who lean really far left or really far right. They dominate the airwaves and they spin their talking points and then people latch on to whatever sort of agrees with the opinion they hold. 

Having divisive people on TV makes for great entertainment but doesn't really help foster health debate. Here in America, we aren't taught how to effectively debate.  We aren't taught how to communicate our position with intelligence, we aren't taught how to listen or be empathetic towards another individuals position.  We aren't taught kindness or the basic courtesy of civility.   

So what are we taught?  That all of our opinions are important and that we deserve to be heard.  But here's the thing, the latter without the former ushers in the chaos we're dealing with now.  


EDIT: Spelling because politics turns people into children I believe people get too set on their own views and won't have an open mind. I imagine many people walking into discussions with their fingers in their ears and eyes closed saying "I CAN"T HEAR YOU!" The media also doesn't help. Majority of gun related news is mass shootings, drug deals gone bad, or some other form of horrible news. Because the majority of people on both sides are idiots. 
edit: this is a serious answer, most of them are in fact idiots. The need for safety is basic and generates a deep seeded response when it's in question. In an instance like that, emotions are bound to run high. 

Unfortunately, the extremists shout louder than anyone else. I doubt most people think that the 2nd amendment should be removed completely and that every gun should be taken, nor that someone with severe mental instability should be allowed to own a firearm. People on one side use the rule of law and basic concepts of self defense, while others use derogatory terms, name calling (gun jumpers, etc) and idiotic comparisons to male body parts.  Blatant lies or highly doctored 'statistics' taunted by people on both sides who have no concept of statistics...and everyone ignoring the fact that any gun left to its own devices is inert; it cannot harm unless operated by someone. The intent of the operator is everything, and the fact that intent cannot be legislated infuriates the control advocates I am quite happy to talk about it maturely all day long. But my position is very, very well established. Your position might likewise be equally established, in opposition to mine. All the maturity in the world in discussing the issue will not allow either of us to move from our respective positions.

In other words, maturity does not make the issue less intractable between opposing positions. Apart from the other answers in this thread so far, which i think are pretty good, it is a local problem being addressed with a national fix.  
  
Someone in downtown Chicago has legitimate reasons to want gun control.  Someone in Montana has legitimate reasons to defend his right to own guns.  One rightly sees guns as a danger, while the other rightly sees guns as his only defense *against* danger.  
  
Both people are right.  If you live an hour away from the nearest town, you need a strong way to defend yourself from animals/people who want to do harm.  If you live in a dense gang neighborhood, you'll want protections from the guns everyone has.  
  
Everyone online will present their (usually correct) side of the argument, but they all come from different contexts.  No one can really address *every* context in *every* debate, so it's usually just emotions getting thrown at each other. On one hand, criminals "don't" acknowledge gun laws.

On the other, American murderers use guns. For my part, I've noticed that those who would impose 'reasonable gun control' first of all can't articulate what reasonable is and also how it would help.  For me, when the left wants to restrict my second amendment rights, it is because they see no difference in my owning a firearm and a criminal.  We are the same.  The level of insult that is inherent with this view is manifest.  Clearly guns are evil and no one can be trusted with them because if you have or want a firearm, you are also going to do evil.  The projection of their victimhood on those who won't be victims, escapes them completely. If one side believes a.) their liberty is an issue and b.) trading freedom for safety (real or imagined) is a nonstarter, where can there be compromise? Its because people look at it as if one day the government is going to one day just decide that all guns are banned. We can't have a national, rational, conversation about safer gun-ownership rights that benefit the whole of society (but that still allow for responsible gun ownership) without it immediately turning into "They just want to *take away our right*". 

Maybe its a lack of ability to clearly state the objective of the conversation from the left, maybe its the right refusing (intentionally, to kill the conversation, or unintentionally, due to the lack of clarity from the left) to see that there is a middle ground. 

Alcohol is regulated, because *some* people aren't responsible with it. 

Marijuana is regulated (where legal), because *some* people aren't responsible with it. 

Seat belts, air bags, speed limits are in place, because *some* people aren't responsible drivers.

But, the left is *terrible* at clearly stating that common sense regulation is the goal, since its not as divisive or sound-bitey; and the right refuses to acknowledge there is a middle ground. A better question would be "Why does it seem like a mature conversation about ANY political issue is impossible on a national level?"

People get tribal and stick to their opinions, their "side." The media is invested in fanning "controversies" to stay relevant. Any kind of neutrality is frowned upon. And it doesn't help that a lot of contentious issues don't really have a solid compromise (you either give women the right to abort their pregnancies or you don't, you either have the right to own firearms or you don't, etc. etc). Because America is huge, heavily populated, and incredibly diverse. You can lottery pick a couple of American citizens and get a middle-aged lady from Baltimore whose 2 sons were killed by gang violence, a man in Appalachia whose family still hunts to survive, a sophomore from Berkeley who has never touched a gun in his life, and a gun enthusiast who lowkey stockpiling for the financial meltdown. If you sat all 4 of these people in a room, you could probably come up with a compromise, but each of these people each represents millions of other people with the same experiences or beliefs. Made worse by the fact that they don't need the internet for an echo chamber; their surroundings (liberal college, backwoods town, ect.) Isolates them from ever seeing the other three people. And if they do see them, they certainly won't listen or take them seriously. I personally think it's because nobody understands each other's side.

A lot of anti gun people are younger people who live in cities, and there is often a lot of gun violence in cities. They see that and think "If there were no guns then all this violence wouldn't happen"

A lot of pro gun people are people who live in suburban or rural areas. They uses the guns for hunting, and therefore think "I need the guns for food". An even bigger one are the rural people, who live in areas that take the police 45 minutes to an hour to get there. In that case they think "I need these guns for self defense".

Both sides are perfectly valid, but both sides refuse to understand each other, and therefore can't reach a compromise. I think it's because both sides only listen to their sides. There's no real dialogue, no attempt to see another's point of view. It's largely up to a disconnect between the reality experienced by the electorate and that which is experienced by politicians. Among the electorate, the majority supports some amount of gun control, usually in the form of expanded background checks and other small changes. However, politicians are largely influenced and controlled by the funding and support of the NRA and weapons manufacturers, thus leading them to be complete stalwarts to any kind of legal progress or discussion. I am in favor of strong Second Amendment protections. Here is why I think the debate seems to always fail before it starts. I'll say how I feel for both sides, because I think both get it wrong, even "my" side:  

On the gun control advocacy side, there is a presumption that guns are automatically bad, perhaps immoral to even own much less use. The only legitimate reason to own one is apparently hunting for some strange reason, so why do you own anything other than a deer hunting rifle? Starting a Second Amendment debate from the premise that it only protects your right to own great gran'pappy's blunderbuss is childish. A lack of any knowledge concerning guns is also problematic, just Google "the shoulder bit that goes up".  

On the pro-rights side, there's a refusal, often, to even come to the discussion table at all. Outreach would do a lot of good. And there just isn't any, it seems like. I think it would help to calmly that gun owners don't want to be stigmatized when they have obeyed every law (and depending on which state, there's a ton), and will never do anything wrong, and explaining the legitimate reasons to own guns, like collecting, target, recreational, and competitive shooting, pest control (ask a land owner how much damage wild hogs can do even to "just" a hay pasture, you'll understand why they're always "in season"), defense, and of course hunting. Talk about the gun owner community and the camaraderie there. Talk about the community's stance on safety & training. Quit it with the ignorant "Obama's gonna take our guns". Makes us look like uninformed fools. Because there's no agreement of what the discussion is about.

Is it about regulating something that is a right to own under the constitution? That assumes that the 2nd amendment means that you and me and everyone else is granted access to guns and the government is just placing rules about gun ownership. But we can't agree on this, even. The precedent set by SCOTUS thus far leans to the 2nd as providing a right for the citizenry to bear arms, but the dissenting opinion is clear that the 2nd does not apply to the citizenry, but to the militia (what we now call the National Guard).

Since we can't even agree on what our starting point is, any argument is difficult at best. Because the U.S. is so caught up in the two-party politic system that we have lost our ability to have rational discussion. So many people identify with the principles of their political party simply because it appeals to them on a few levels. Combine that with today's outrage culture and how easy it is to get pissed of at those pesky republicans/democrats and it becomes very easy to get caught up in ideologies that you might not necessarily agree with if you weren't tied up in the political parties, simply because you want to stick it to the other team.

The fact of the matter is that most rational people will lie somewhere in the middle of the political spectrum. However, too many get caught up in the us vs. them bs and all we can do is roll our eyes and get outraged whenever the opposing side presents an argument, even if it is a good one. We have lost the ability to entertain rational arguments that we disagree with because we want our side to win and the other side to lose. No one really gives two shits about the British Columbia Terms of Union. That was over a hundred years ago. Let's move on. There is a pervasive delusion on the part of many gun owners that they are standing between the people and the looming threat of tyranny. This is such an excellent question. A journalist here in Denmark once wrote something along the lines of: "USA, where even the children getting shot in school won't change the gun legislation." 
And why is that? Why is there no reasonable debate? There is of course no simple answer as there are many factors involved. It's not only what people think are right and wrong that kills the possibility of a necessary discussion. Rather it seems that USA has a lobby so extremely powerful, it is able to distort any attempt of such. The power and influence of the weapon lobby is incredible scary to witness, and they are currently succeeding  in thwarting any attempt I know of. [Serious] Redditors who have longterm SO's but never got married. How has it impacted your life?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Don't know know what you mean by long term. Where do you draw the line? :-) Liberals, what's wrong with Liberals? Conservatives, what's wrong with Conservatives?  Liberals: tribalism, ignoring evidence, some dogmatic principles, lack of self-awareness, unwilling to question what they believe.

Conservatives: tribalism, ignoring evidence, some dogmatic principles, lack of self-awareness, unwilling to question what they believe. Liberals have their heads in the clouds,  conservatives have their heads up their own ass Both Liberals and Conservatives are too dogmatically literal and generally refuse to concede a middle ground even exists much less be willing to go there. Most positive progress in politics happens with bipartisan support.  The majority of the population lies within the middle of the political bell curve.  There are problems with both sides when you get two or more standard deviations away from the middle.  Yet we give the extreme minority the loudest voice which only serves to further divide us. As someone who's political beliefs would be in various places across the political spectrum depending on the issue, the terms "Liberal" and "Conservative" only serve to promote a feeling of "Us vs. Them" in politics.  It is something designed to split the population into separate groups and make them blame each other for all of societies problems to distract the voters from the real problem of corruption in the government, financial industry, and the economy. I'm a Liberal and I find Liberals are too liberal. Liberals too often don't vote in midterm elections, don't take state politics seriously, don't volunteer enough to do the grunt work of politics.  Many of them think politics is inherently dirty and don't want to sully themselves, but that means they cede the field to passionate, committed conservatives who represent a minority opinion but willingly play politics. Liberals don't realize that drama, more than facts, win elections and therefore don't act accordingly.

Conservatives realize drama, not  facts, wins elections and act accordingly. Neither of them are liberal enough. Petty tribalism.

edit: ohfuck beaten to the punch. so hard. Liberals broke off into some SJW nightmare that I can't comprehend. I used to think the difference between liberals and conservatives could be explained by their scientific or authoritative upbringing, but it would appear that is no longer the case. 

I don't know where I am anymore on that spectrum. Some ideas are super liberal and then after recent events some of my ideas fall way back towards conservative lol. The positions haven't changed and used to be common sense, but this new sect of liberals moved very far ahead and labeled anything less as conservative. SJWs and modern day feminists What is something a friend of yours told you that completely changed your opinion of them?  A girl I liked was an anti-vaxer... I could not trust her with my cock after that. A month after separating from my wife, went out with a good friend for a beer. He spent the whole time telling me how awkward this was for him and his wife as they were so close with my wife and I. Yeah, thanks for compassion. Got the message, haven't talked to him since. My husband's known his best friend for about 11 years, and I've known him for a little over 7 (as long as the two of us have been together). He's a great guy, funny as hell, love hanging out with him.

Husband and I were away for a couple years finishing up our Bachelors at an out-of-state college and while in an apartment there we got two dogs. We moved back home afterwards and (of course) brought our dogs with us.

Our dogs are really well trained, except that they still get a little too excited about anyone coming over. Most people deal with it fine, but our friend reacts like he can't even stand for the dogs to be *near* him. If they're actively trying to get pets/attention from him he acts annoyed and tells them to leave him alone, but if they even brush his leg walking by he seems to recoil.

I just... I still love the guy, but that's makes *me* recoil. "did a DNA test, no jew or muslim up in here lol, thank god!"

I knew he was a toolbag but what the fuck?  Dude is so stupid he can't even do racism properly. I get all my news from Fox News. She continually bitched about her husband and how lazy he was (even going so far as to ask me to "compliment him" on shoveling the driveway in the hopes it would make him do it again), and she even had an online affair with a guy.  Nothing physical that I'm aware of, but it disgusted me.  I told her more than once to just divorce her husband and move on with her life, since she was clearly miserable.  She looked at me like I had two heads.

Tired of the toxic relationship, she and I went our separate ways.  Lo and behold, a few years later, she had indeed divorced her lazy husband. My girlfriends younger sister just met her new boyfriend..cool enough guy. He likes cars, same sports teams and me, and although a bit loud and obnoxious, he seems fairly intelligent.

Having a conversation one day, and he says "I don't know how any one feels about politics, but..." and goes on to make an anti-Obama/anti-liberal joke. Fine enough, people have different politics, I get it. But he then says that as a child, his grandmother made him and his siblings/cousins listen to Rush Limbaugh on the radio and take notes. The sitting down with grandma and taking notes part just seemed a bit cult-like to me. Friend and I have known each other a good 5-6 years. One day while we're all discussing stuff he says he can't stand interracial couples and that nothing good comes of it. Every couple ends up raising delinquent hooligans and it ends in a messy divorce, that they're just trashy in general.

Boyfriend and I are an interracial couple. We kind of just sat there floored by his comment. I didn't push it any further other than telling him he might be wrong about that. I'm honestly hoping he just doesn't understand what interracial means. I had been dealing with depression for a while and had tried to reach out a few times to friends but was always kinda shut down a bit

I briefly had this mindset of "It is me being dumb. I should just get over it. If it was serious my friends would be trying to help or know more about it"

Then I was sitting in a car with one of them. Saying thanks for the ride and all that and sorry I have been so out of it lately. Just going through some stuff. Then he goes 

"Oh yeah. We were talking about that the other night and taking bets on whether or not you are making this up for attention"

From that day on I just look at them knowing how little they really care They Vape. All Muslim's are terrorists & people who come to the UK should speak English.

She was Lithuanian who, more often than not, spoke to her husband in Polish. Her boyfriend was gay. And she was a lesbian. But they were in a relationship. But she preferred to be a guy. I was just...So confused...after that conversation. 

now, I'm someone who loves you based on who you are not necessarily your outside parts. 

But when I entered a relationship with a man she told me I was straight and was confused. 

And I have a hard time grasping someone preaching they're gay, but then entering a relationship with the opposite sex with someone who is also gay, but then claiming the opposite gender...sometimes then telling me I'm confused because at that moment I loved a man. I mean..does she/he just not know who they are? Do they just not know what they're talking about and think they do? My head hurts. Whats the fastest way to recognize someone from your state?  If they ask for a pop when ordering at a restaurant. You never say soda in Michigan. A tattoo of the state or state name somwhere on their body. By quick cavity searches. They would either be wearing a crimson colored shirt with a large white A on the front, or a bright orange shirt with a dark blue AU on the front. Their accent. NSFW what's the strangest sexual request a partner has asked of you?  My ex wanted me to stick my big toe up her ass. Never did it, there are just somethings that shouldn't be done. Arrive later at home. Dunno why. How much money can you lift in one hand using the strongest currency?  Close to nothing, seeing as I can only lift a few pounds.
...Too soon? Credit cards are pretty light... The strongest currency is gold, so whatever gold weighs by whatever i can lift these days. Probably about 600lbs What do you do when you get bored?  If I'm at home I try to sleep. Otherwise I just end up staring at a wall. Masturbate Stretch or exercise. Doing push-ups, sit-ups, and squat jumps can really help pass the time and keep you relatively healthy. Playing games, watching a movie/series or going for a walk. Picking nose Anyone who sees this should have the same answer b What fantasy book series would make an amazing TV show ?  Wheel of Time The Dresden Files.  One that actually follows the books unlike the other TV show they had. Neil Strauss' *The Game* & its followup *The Truth*

Judging by the [downvotes](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3zahvu/hey_users_of_reddit_what_gives_a_guy_a_better/cykhwrn) I receive whenever I reference it, all that speed seduction talk is pure fantasy. Temeraire. Talking dragons and their human captains fighting Napoleon and traveling the world. Peter Jackson has the rights. This could go forward any time... Rift war cycle Any Sylvia Plath stories for my crazy grills. Song of ice and fire What's the weirdest hookup you've gone through with because it would've been awkward to leave?  Besides Reddit, what is your biggest productivity killer?  Just sitting around daydreaming, really. The first mistake, OP, is thinking that I'm productive While at work it's always if the first customer is a raging dick. Kills my work work productivity. While in real life, it's usually if I wake up late. It just throws me off for the day. Cooking :D What one-time-use item have you used more than once?  Paper plates Underwear... I was in a camp at school okay? Zip ties Paper towels condom. Tissue. Let's assume we defeat ISIS and solve the refugee crisis. What does the world then focus on?  No doubt the next terrorist group that will rise from somewhere. If we are talking about things that are unlikely to happen, then global warming Israel vs. Palestine and Russia vs. Ukraine Finding somebody else to kick off with who disagree with what we believe in slightly? Besides all the other wars going on right now? Probably enviromental issues Arresting people who are mean on [social media](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/06/02/social_media_arrests_up_37pc_london_section_127_communications_act/). We can now fill Guantanamo with all the dicks, douchebags & assholes who lurk online. To create another war and make money out of it. Making the world great again.

Or you know, working on multiple initiatives on different scales to raise standards of living everywhere. We'll probably go to war with the YPG after we abandon them when ISIS is defeated. The civil war in Syria will continue, but the aid we give them won't. We'll probably see another Operation Cyclone-type reaction. We will enter policy twilight. If animals were to rule the countries , which animal would you chose as the leader of your country ?  Bald Eagle. Merica'. Wolf. Humans Hippos. Buffalo. Polar bear. Fuck with us now, anybody. 

Also Canada is well suited for its tastes in atmosphere. Chameleon. Nothing like changing your colours once shit hits the fan. ***Monkey*** **Donald Trump** [Serious] Who are your historically significant, well-known, or just downright cool ancestors, and what's their story?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* My ancestor was in the civil war. Got shot in the leg and left for dead in Louisiana. His wife from Georgia dragged a cart all the way across the south, in the heat of the war, loaded his disabled ass onto the cart and hauled him back. Then they had 11 kids together. [Soh Jaipil](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soh_Jaipil), or Philip Jaisohn, is my great-great-great (?) uncle. He was the first ever Korean to become a naturalized citizen of the United States. I am the great great great grandson of Ulysses Grant My Great Great Great Great (etc...) Grandfather is named John Howland and he fell off the Mayflower on it's journey over to America but somehow managed to grab hold of a rope and was pulled back aboard. There's even a painting called ["Howland Overboard"](http://cdn1.i-scmp.com/sites/default/files/styles/620x356/public/2015/11/27/howland_overboard_by_mike_haywood.jpg?itok=2EGqpT3X) depicting it! My great grandfather was a soldier in the French army in WW1, he and his regiment were practicing grenade tossing, and one moron accidentally let one off around him, he was severely injured and had to go back to Paris. Turns out he was lucky, that entire regiment was sent off the next week to fight at Verdun and every one of them died. He met his future wife weeks later.

Tl;dr: I wouldn't exist if some moron didn't accidentally toss a grenade near my great grandfather Apparently my ancestors used to own all or part of Long Island. Sadly they were on the wrong side of the revolutionary war XD

Apparently one of my ancestresses held off army recruiters coming for her sick husband with a fire poker. Dunno how that went for her/them. 

And supposedly there's a castle with my family name in Germany somewhere (there's only like ten of us total and it's a very odd name) but I haven't been able to find anything really so it's probably not true. My great-grandfather was a Hatfield, and if you traced his ancestry up a few generations and over you would get to Devil Anse (I don't know it exactly). My dad's family earned it's motto back in 16th century Scotland. England was trying to invade Scotland, but needed more soldiers. They hired mercenaries from Germany, Spain, and even Scotland. My family's clan was hired as mercenaries to fight the Scots. 

Well during the battle, England kept resisting to send us in. They had us riding the pine, waiting for the action to die down in an area so we could be sent in to finish off the Scots. However, the Scots held England back and my family wasn't allowed to fight. 

So we did what any psychotic mercenary would do and changed sides and started fighting England from the rear. No one realized where all these new Scots suddenly came from and no one asked. Scotland won the battle and the Scottish King gave my family's clan their motto: Late, but in Earnest. 

We were so fed up with waiting to fight, that we said "fuck it" and started fighting the people who hired us. First Chinese to America Ambassador.

He fought in the war against the Japanese, a lot of cool stories. One of the most vivid memories was that in the army. They were so scarce of food, they would cut leather off their boots and eat it.

Edit: Spelling My Mom did all the research and made [books](http://imgur.com/a/rFclC) one for each side of the family, [here](http://imgur.com/a/lyDIG) are just a few random pages from the books.  The ones with the hockey player and parents wedding are from my Dads sides book and the others are from her sides book.  So, I know a lot about our past - and sorry some photos are upside down for some reason. [This badass fucker](http://articles.philly.com/1994-05-30/news/25828182_1_civic-activist-scholar-courageous-athlete) was my great uncle. 

Blind from age four. Wrestled at Penn for years and became captian. Established himself as a prominent lawyer and put 4 boys through private school and college- all on his own salary. My dad used to walk around with Uncle Bob and he swears he never saw him use a cane.

Helped to establish modern blind baseball and was President of the Blind Golfer's Association. Literally has been my inspiration my whole life. This guy is lore to me and his life is what I look to for motivation. Any of this would have been inspirational as a sighted person. But as a blind man, it was absolutely legendary. Oooh, I have an answer for this one! 

I'm one of many, many descendants of Charles II, though his army of bastard kids, but that's not as interesting. Anyone ever heard of Burke and Hare, the body snatchers turned serial killers?  
Turns out Mr. and Mrs. Burke were hung in Glasgow for their crimes - the latter couple however... i am a descendant of one of the harpe brothers, america's first serial killers. http://www.legendsofamerica.com/we-harpes.html My grandmother's maden name was Cut-right. It used to be some crazy Spanish name pronounced as Cut-right, but nobody could spell it. When my great great, or great great great grandfather took an arrow to the right arm during the Civil War, somebody renamed him Cut-right.

My great grandfather owned a plane, and apparently he once chartered it out to Def Leopard.

My grandfather joined the army before he could get drafted, and wound up teaching officers how to golf and cooking steak. He also had his feet frozen to the ground because they stuck out of his tent.

My great grandfather, same guy who owned the plane, got married shortly before he joined the army. When he was flying in an army plane to go do army stuff, he met another soldier with skulls tattooed all over his hands and face. The skull man offered to read my great grandfather's palms. He claimed that my great grandfather's wife was pregnant with twins. My great grandfather didn't believe the guy, but on Christmas of that year, my great grandmother gave birth to my grandmother and her twin. My granddad lost everything in warehouse fires twice, was in the British army in India, acting as bodyguard to nabob, directing a squad of Gurkha. He had a pet bear called captain, and did voiceover work for propaganda videos. 

Some or all of the above may be apocryphal, though I've seen the videos, have a giant, still sharp kukri, and a slightly burnt trunk. He returned to the uk with nothing but the trunk and malaria.

Never meet the man, but he sounds interesting. My ancestor was Carlo Scorza, a secretary of PNF (National Fascist Party). Not too significant and i feel like ancestor may be too strong of a word. An ancestor of mine joined the union army in Philadelphia during the civil war. whats sort of significant is that my family has lived in or near Philadelphia supposedly since the revolution. Finding all the ancestry is difficult though. I have ancestors that were some of the early pilgrims. One of which founded the new settlement of "East Hampton". Several other ancestors fought in the Revolutionary War, War of 1812 and the Civil War. Supposedly I am an ancestor of Mozart, he had a lot of illegitimate children, I think most people know his story, if not you should check out the movie Amadeus. My Great-Grandfathers brother was the Claudius Crozet. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claudius_Crozet

A town was named after him:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crozet,_Virginia

My Grandfathers sister is the LaPrade in the library on the Southside of Richmond:
http://library.chesterfield.gov/locations/laPrade/ Well the only thing i got is my grampa use to be a sheriff in Caracas (Venezuela) and always told me a lot of stories during that time. 

The most important one was that   one night someone "claiming" to be [Julio Jaramillo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julio_Jaramillo) (a famous singer at the time) was arrested for being drunk on the street. 

My grampa was a big fan of him so when they bring him he inmediatly recognizes that he is the real Julio Jaramillo.

 Of course he was pretty excited and just let him stay the night in the station until the next day, then let him out with a warning only if he signed all the vinyl from the fans of the police station. My great grandparents were active members of the Dutch Resistance when the Netherlands was under German occupation during World War Two. 

They had a cellar under their kitchen where they hid Allied soldiers from Nazi inspectors. When the Nazis would come to inspect the house, my great-grandmother would _always_ be washing dishes, standing on a rug that hid the door to the cellar. 

In the mornings and at dinner time, my grandmother (who was 4 at the time) was instructed to not speak with the strange men at the table because they were "deaf". My great-grandparents fed and took care of Allied soldiers during the plan to liberate the Netherlands. 

My great-grandfather was lined up with 9 other men in the village on numerous occasions. One man would be shot to death by Nazi soldiers. My great-grandfather plead for his life in German and was allowed to live. 

My grandmother recounted these stories to me so I could write an essay on it for school. She recalled stories of eating tulip bulbs and how good chocolate tasted when they were liberated (the Germans starved the country, essentially). 

I really wish I knew my great-grandparents. I have such pride in my Dutch heritage and I am so happy to be a Canadian as well. Both countries have such a strong history with each other and I think it's wonderful. 

If anyone gets the chance, the tulip festival in Ottawa in May is stunning. My great uncle hid a whole Jewish family from the Nazis in a false wall in his neighbour's stable in Poland during WWII. 

https://jfr.org/rescuer-stories/chucherko-eugeniusz/

EDIT: Fixed so it doesn't make my great uncle sound like Fritzl. King Lulach of Scotland, direct descendent. He was the step son of Macbeth. I have two rather well known ancestors.   One of them is Winston Churchill (for those not familiar...he was Prime Minister of England during WWII).   Churchill was my maternal grandmother's maiden name.

The other is Sam Houston; one of the leaders of Texas' battle for independence.  Was a marriage between one of his family members and one of his soldiers with the name Berleth (my mom's maiden name) that puts me in that lineage. My great great great uncle was Davey Crockett. He killed him a b'ar when he was only three, so...... I'm pretty proud of most of my ancestors and relatives about whom I have stories, but this one is one of the most sassy:

So back when part of Poland was ruled by Austria, sometime in the 1800s, my Polish great-great grandfather was a groom -- like, for horses -- in the Austrian army.  One day he goes into the stables to do his job or whatever, and he sees an Austrian officer kick a horse.  My great-great grandfather, already not a fan of Austrians by virtue of being Polish, is pretty annoyed -- who kicks a horse, right?  He decides this officer is a dick, and that now is the time to dole out some Polish justice for the horse. He goes and kicks the officer.  

Long story short, my great-great grandfather then had to take his family and go on the run from the Austrian law.  They had to change their last name, and eventually settled in Canada.  Good times. My grandma's grandma was one of the women who marched from Nova Scotia to Ottawa to help convince the Canadian government to allow women to vote. I have two interesting relatives. One is the former Ohio state football coach Woody Hayes.

The other was a traveling preacher who on Sundays would ride around the country on horse preaching for farms and small towns that did not have a church. I'm descended from [Jo?o Albasini](http://www.sahistory.org.za/people/joampatildeo-albasini), who was an adventurer and hunter in the Lowveld area of what is now South Africa. He was the first white person to settle in the area, and supposedly he was made a chief of the Vatsonga (Shangaan) people. The ruins of his "castle" (a fortified trading post) [can be found in the Kruger Park](https://www.sanparks.org/parks/kruger/people/heritage/albasini.php). Ethan Allen. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethan_Allen Apparently, my great-great-great [ . . . ] grandfather was an organizer of the tin mine workers in Cornwall, England. The story is that there was a knock on the door. My ancestor was warned that the mine owners and their henchmen were coming for him. So, he loaded the family on a boat that night, and sailed for the US.

Kinda a cool story. At least if your family hasn't done anything else exciting. One of my great (can't remember exactly how many "greats" to incorporate, sorry) grandfathers started the Mills Novelty Company. They made slot machines, vending machines, jukeboxes, and some other cool stuff. We have a few historical DVDs and memoires that the family made, but I was never so interested to dedicate time to watching them. However, everyone in the family has their own vintage slot machine to continue passing down, and it's always fun when seeing one in a museum and being able to say "Hey, that's my family's." I am somehow related to the playwright [Horacio Quiroga](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horacio_Quiroga). My grandmother was a distant relative; niece or something. Great uncle David Franklin was a Tin Pan Alley songwriter! Main claim to fame is "The Merry-Go-Round Broke Down," which is the Looney Tunes theme song. No, no residuals for us. It's probably apocryphal, as I've tried googling it, and have found nothing. One of my mom's ancestors was the most learned rabbi in all of Russia; when he came to visit Philadelphia, every rabbi in the city came out to crowd-surf him to his destination. Later, he visited his son, who had migrated to Philly, and had become a drunkard and a gambler. He immediately left for Russia and never visited the U.S. again. My ancestor was involved with Paul Revere's ^^more ^^than ^^likely ^^completely ^^inaccurate Midnight Ride.  
  
He delivered the message to the bell tower as to whether the regulars were coming by land or sea. My grandfather was a bad ass. He was Puerto Rican and Mexican. He was a paratrooper on D-Day where his squad was dropped 20-30 miles behind enemy lines and was captured after a bloody fight. He was put on a train to an internment camp when the war in Europe ended. He came home, got married multiple times with my  grandma being the only one he had kids with. He could also lift the front end of a car up... he was 5"4 Samuel Sewall, the guy who apologized for the Salem witch trials was my great (x?) uncle. I am distantly related to the classical music artist Handel My great-grandmother nearly killed her step-father with a cast-iron skillet for taking advantage of her little sister.  She told him that if he so much as looked at her little sister the wrong way again, she'd be back and she wouldn't go so easy on him. My grandfather flew B-17 bombers in the 8th Army Air Force in world war 2, A-26 invaders in Korea and ultimately ended up in command of Nuclear Missile Bases across the US as well as NORAD.  Of all the things that I've heard and read about this man, one of the most interesting things is that he was friends with Marcelle Marceau. [Peter Skene Ogden](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Skene_Ogden) was a fur trader and explorer. There's a point in my town named after him ([Ogden Point](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ogden_Point)) and dozens of schools and streets across the American West.

Weird looking fucker, though. So my grandmothers father was [Tomas Lopez de Victoria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom%C3%A1s_L%C3%B3pez_de_Victoria)

I have no clue when he died and neither does Wikipedia, I just know he was in prison for 18 years for treason or something like that. I have to ask my aunt. I only really know whats on wikipedia.

>Through the mandates of the Freedom of Information Act, it is currently known that the FBI and CIA filed millions of pages of surveillance reports on the leaders of the Puerto Rican independence movement.[19] However, little is known of what became of Tom?s L?pez de Victoria, the Sub-Commander of the Cadets of the Republic - except that, in 1954, he was still incarcerated in a United States Federal penitentiary One of the first arrivals of my family to America was colonial Massachusetts, he was an important figure in the town. Unfortunately he was executed because he often spoke out treating Natives better, allowing them into town for trade and even approving of interracial relationships with them. 

My great grandpa was a General in the Navy and died around the start of WW1 and is currently buried in Arlington just a few hundred feet from Kennedy.

One of my cousins were among the group that found and captured Saddam. 

There are more but I've been slacking as family historian. It's hard since both sides are fairly big and I only have direct access to half and they don't talk about stuff. The most action is on my dad's, mom's side of the family.  My great great uncle is Philo T Farnsworth he invented cathode ray television.  If you go far enough back i have an ancestor (Stephen Hopkins) in common with my wife that came over on the Mayflower.  I don't believe the Mayflower one because the woman they attribute to my side of the family was born several years after Stephen Hopkins died.  I have an ancestor that was an accuser in the Salem Witch Trials.  On my dad's, dad's side my great grandfather went to prison for polygamy. * My great(x6)-uncle was [Alonzo Horton](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alonzo_Horton) - he founded what is now downtown San Diego. The family legend is that city blocks are smaller in that area because he figured out that a corner lot would get more money.

* My great-(etc)-grandfather on the other side was one of the founders of the Republican Party and governor of New Hampshire during the Civil War.

* Not necessarily well-known, but an ancestor in 16th-century Scandinavia had 17 children by 4 different wives. I had an 18th century American ancestor named Abraham. During some genealogical research conducted by one of my relatives it was found that he was kicked out of his church for "excessive fornication". I have been known to toast "Abraham the Fornicator". It is family 'lore' that we are descendants of this man:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reginald_Fitzurse I am a blood relative of both NFL hall of famer Steve Young, and the more notorious Brigham Young. One of my direct descendents founded Babson College, which is a really well known college and we have a whole town named after us. I'm a direct descendant of George Washington's eldest brother.

My uncle did a lot of research and put together our family tree and discovered that we're descendants through my maternal line (through my Grandma I think). If I had the books he put together then I would take a picture and show you guys, but I think either my uncle or my grandparents are currently in possession of them. 

We're probably from "that" branch of the Washington tree though, considering that the Washington family was moderately wealthy, well educated for the time, and were generally higher class people that lived in Virginia, and my grandparents are both from extremely poor Georgia families. My great uncle is Joe DeLamielleure, Hall of Fame offensive lineman for the Buffalo Bills. He blocked for O.J. Simpson when he played in the NFL. I only see him at family reunions and such but he always has great stories to tell about O.J. Seems relevant to share with the sudden rise in popularity with O.J. and his case. One of my ancestors was shoe maker to the King of Denmark - great great great great grandfather if I recall right. Directly related to Sitting Bull, Jesse James is cousin a few times removed. My great-uncle, Alfred Rosenblum, was a translator at the Nuremberg trials. Always thought that was pretty neat. I'm a direct descendant on my moms side of William Bradford, the first mayor of Plymouth, and a direct descendant of his indentured servant on my dads side. And apparently the indentured servant always revered William Bradford so my moms side of the family always make fun of my dads side. Also the indentured servant got drunk on the mayflower, fell off the boat, and almost drowned once. [Brian Boru](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_Boru)  
He was a High King of Ireland in the 11th century. A great great great (etc..) grandfather of mine signed the Declaration of Independence. His name is Stephen Hopkins and he was one of the signers from Rhode Island. Your entire life is one week long. You were born on a Sunday. What day are you on and what have you been doing all week?  Tuesday, I've been saving up money for Saturday and Sunday. Thursday. I spent Sunday playing with toys, I spent Monday wishing it was Tuesday and hating anyone who was on their fourth day or beyond, I spent early Tuesday wishing it was still Monday and I got married that afternoon. My son was born on Wesnesday, and it's now Thursday morning and I'm pretty much just enjoying life. Hopefully Tuesday afternoon. Browsing reddit at work. I guess I would be happier because I wouldn't have enough time to learn about all the depressing shit that goes on in this world. ARM day, cuz everyday is arm day.

#CURLS FOR JESUS What movie sums up your hometown?  Friday Night Lights. Odessa is just like my hometown, I'm just south of Houston. Gummo Lord of the Rings, my town is perfect, when you leave for fortune and fame, all hell breaks loose. http://www.somethingcool.ca/movies/if-movie-posters-told-the-truth/6/ Texas Chainsaw Massacre SubUrbia Fargo. RoboCop.   Not really, but parts of the movie were filmed here. Ken Park. What is worse than people trying to shine you on?  Photographers of Reddit, how do you run your business?  Started with a phone 
Ended up with a super high end camera
WORK HARD What is the story behind the reason you wont speak to that "one" family member?  We were roommates once and she basically hated the fact that I was 'becoming someone different to impress a guy'. When in reality it was really me coming to terms with the fact that I was allowed to be my own person and understanding who I was instead of trying to please my parents. I think she also hated that I wasn't taking on the mother role in the home and wasn't cleaning or cooking or babysitting. She's barely 21 with two kids and think she knows about the world when everything in life has been handed to her. As a result she's bigoted, nasty, self absorbed, and can't stand to be corrected or she blocks you on social media. 

Well. Good riddance. My sister in law is a very fake person.  She is all about show.  I posted a comment on facebook using the term "asshat."  She messaged me saying that it was inappropriate to used that language on Facebook because her kids would read it.  Here kids where around 3-6 at the time.  So naturally I immediately posted a comment with every swear word I could think of.   She unfriended me and hasnt spoken to me in over 4 year.  Oh well. [Serious] Redditors who have gotten back together with an ex after a nasty breakup, how did things turn out the second time around?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Disastrous both times. The damage is already done. The second time around I realized why I broke up with that person the first time. Not great...but at about the thousandth time? Wonderful :) First time ended about as quickly as it started. We were separated by about an hour of driving, and for some reason or another we ended up splitting over MSN messenger and then there was a couple weeks of fighting about getting back together before "I never want contact again". He remembers it differently, which should have been a red flag... Four or so years later we found ourselves stupidly back in each other's arms swearing that we were both more mature. This time we were 15 minutes drive apart and it lasted almost 2 years before I got sick of basically everything to do with being in a very toxic relationship. Cut loose and I'll never, ever get back with an ex again. If it didn't work the first time, don't bother with a second or third time. Pretty bad.
It ended up with us getting together knowing that it won't last but doing it because we couldn't keep away from each other. That happened about three times or so.
But hey, at least we're friends now. What do you mix your whiskey with?  More whiskey Peace and quiet Nothing. Straight. Tears. I like making Old Fashioneds but sometimes I will put a spin on it and go with

3 dashes Angostura bitters
1 part Grand Marnier
2-3 parts Bourbon
Ice

Same general vibe with the bitters and citrus but you don't have to worry about crushing and completely mixing a sugar cube. Plus more alcohol due to the Grand Marnier. A Cigar Ginger Ale. My dead dreams... Lemon juice and simple syrup. 

The whisky sour. Scotch - Straight

Burbon - on ice ( or sometimes straight)

Irish Whiskey (Jameson) - Shots or Irish coffee

Canadian Whiskey - No. Usually cocaine and hookers Dont hate but... water.  

Beer makes me bloated, cocktails are too sugary for me, wine is awesome but I get tired of it after a while, and straight liquor makes my tolerance skyrocket.

But mixing whiskey with water and sipping on it throughout the night is the perfect solution to all of it. coke Splash of water, ice if you like cold drinks. Mountain Dew apparently was initially made as a Whiskey mixer! Tried it one night, was not a fan.. A good book. All these whiskey purists on here. Ice. If it is a "good" whiskey you shouldn't have to mix it with anything. WC Fields use to put ball bearings in the ice box, once they were cool he would put those in his drink.  The whiskey was cooled down but not diluted by ice. Sweet tea or usually just drink it straight. 17 stupid manly whiskey jokes to each actual answer. 

60/40 Coke flavored whiskey. 
I don't and haven't drank enough hard stuff/ good stuff to not be easily repulsed by a bite from liquor. But a bit of Coke to trim down the bite just a little is nice. Still a sipping drink, but very tasty. My tongue Pickle juice. I've drank whiskey with coke, coffee (black coffee, with cream on top) and custard (not all at the same time). I like most of these combinations, but coke is a very strong drink and can completely take away the whiskey taste quite easy. With one giant Death Star icecube. Root beer. I actually hate the taste of whisky--I'm more of a Gin woman. The root beer lets me drink more whiskey if that's all I have around. You can barely taste whiskey Chocolate milk because fuck it condescending opinions about how other people drink their whiskey Irish whiskey with ginger beer and some lime Whiskey-Seltzer for life. 

Yeah I drink the cheap stuff. cheerwine Cocaine Conversation. It always tends to get interesting the more they mix. Club soda and regret. But sometimes I'll throw in a maraschino cherry. Whatever is in my stomach at the time. If your whiskey is so bad, you need to mix it with something, or if you're faint of heart, don't. The only acceptable mix for a good whiskey is a bit of water. Neat with a water back.  Only way to truly appreciate quality whiskey or scotch. [deleted] For the summer, it's basically a mint julep with lemonade-

muddled mint

ice

1/3 (cheap) bourbon

2/3 lemonade

Otherwise, neat Bad decisions. Everclear Muddled sugars, bitters, and a twist of citrus. Saliva. One giant ice cube I just put it in a chilled glass. Water.

When I drink mixed drinks, I prefer Gin or Rum. I like drinking whisky as a drink on its own, and I prefer single malts over blended or Bourbon. [Can I get a whiskey and a...whiskey](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/E2GiUzQBkAs/hqdefault.jpg). If it is good whiskey, nothing. If it is cheap whiskey just ice. If it's really bad and cheap whiskey then I always like to make me a whiskey sour. More Whiskey + Music + Happiness = Real Whiskey When my throat is sick I mix it with tea Music Time and problems Diet Pepsi. If you like to mix with Coke, try it. It's even more delicious. Dude I am not going to lie.  I like to sip on my whiskey, and eventually sip on some OJ.  Its not like I am chasing the whiskey or anything, I just really enjoy the taste of OJ mixed with my whiskey laced mouth. 151 Disappointment. Whiskey sour, rye and coke (ginger's good too), in a pint of something dark (boilermaker!), or (preferably) on the rocks (if it's the kind I like). [**SAZERAC**](http://www.webstaurantstore.com/blog/2064/sazerac-recipe-from-the-horse-inn.html) Regret My own tears for having to drink whiskey alone Ice Scotch whisky needs only more whisky; sometimes a few drops of water could help to enhance the flavour.  
Regarding mix, irish whiskey and ginger ale is my favourite. Ice Jack Daniels and lemonade, "Lynchburg lemonade." You will never drink it with anything else. More whisky. Or if I'm drinking something blended, sometimes Irn Bru Sorrow A glass Make a sazerac, the official state cocktail of Louisiana. Air. Swirl that glass and let the liquor breathe. Then enjoy the new flavors as the dance across the tongue. An ice-cold rock and a cigar. most situations i drink whiskey/sprite.. it doesn't drown the whiskey out completely, but dulls the bite while still giving it flavor.  I do this with cheaper whiskeys, crown/gentjack.  If i have something a little fancier, always neat in a chilled glass, no ice cubes.. let the glass do the work, not the ice cube :) Regret My taste buds. Aside from vodka & tonic, there isn't a drink that screams summer more than rye & ginger. Depression If it's a blend, coconut water (goes well with JW double black in particular). Other than that, a drop of water or small piece of ice Despair. Wendy's frosty. Cheep blended whiskeys go well with cran and a splash of redbull.  A good whiskey is of course served neat in a lowball. boulevardier - 1 part wiskey, 1/2 campari, 1/2 sweet vermouth.  Total upgrade over the negroni plus it's great even with ugly wiskey Sparkling water. No ice. Old logic textbooks. Fuck you Dummett, I won't do what you tell me Urine, and if it's past 5 o'clock, semen. Hot tea and plenty of honey. It's the only way to drink whiskey, IMO Ginger ale A splash of Barenjager and ice. Mmm. I've got a sore throat, so this week it's sugar, lemon and boiling water. When offered water with his whiskey my dad would say, "why? I'm thirsty not dirty." The pain of my continued existence. Coke Zero! /r/keto! Steak. My dick Rye, ginger ale, lime juice, ice.

Bourbon, sugar, mint, crushed ice.

Irish, coffee, sugar, whipped cream, creme de menthe. Bear tears Cheap stuff with coke or root beer. Nicer stuff I either have with ice or neat Dr. Pepper. Bloomery Sweetshine Black walnut, makes the best Manhattan I've ever had. My husband mixes his with coke and lime juice. Air. A little bit of aeration before sipping it makes it so much better. Everything else just waters it down Ice Panda tears. Whiskey stones, keep them in the freezer and they don't water down the whiskey. Cheap blended scotch I mix with ginger ale. Good scotch I drink neat. My cold icy stare. Iced coffee is greatly enhanced by whiskey. 

But... the best answer is not drink whiskey like a little bitch. NOTHING! I make an Old Fashioned More drugs! Cinnamon whiskey and moonshine

Try it Ginger ale or vanilla coke. My blood Cream soda or nothing depending on what I have a taste for and how much I want to drink. My saliva. Orange bitters and a splash of simple syrup My mouth. Rice ICE Coca Cola. 

Makes it taste like marzipan :) 'Whiskey': with coke.

Whisky: only neat. Cigars Tequila. Low self-esteem My liver I am a big fan of mint juleps. Mint, simple syrup and bourbon. My already poor decision making skills, add a pretty girl with green eyes and I get the full effect of whiskey. Splenda Pre-workout Ice. 

Not a lot. 

And only sometimes. Mountain Dew. Honey whiskey and ginger ale is great usually neat. but adding a small splash of maraschino liqueur is quite nice. try it Ice (1 cube per oz) or neat you babies. Regret Good whiskey -> ice cubes, cheap whiskey (Jack Daniels) -> cola unless I'm taking it as a shot with a beer.  Simple right? Usually a little weed and some swears. With my granny's jam (raspberry, strawberry or apple) and water.

Cola bottle was empty, shops were closed, tried it and it was nice. Once when I was a teenager I got desperate and tried to mix whiskey with orange squash. I think that's going to really upset someone. why do you people insist on mixing your alcohol? figures the top several responses are tough guy-jerks about nothing/ice/cigar etc.

coke for me. diet coke actually. and when i say coke i use that generally to describe any cola i have on hand. so usually diet dr pepper. Sadness Shame Two regular ice cubes, let filled glass sit for about a minute or two to allow the cubes to melt just the slightest bit. Its perfect. The blood of my enemies. Whiskey rocks A little drambuie. Chasers are for the weak I just take a swig of the whiskey, and wash it down with a swig of coke. No mixing required. Jim Beam + Cold Apple Cider I like bourbon with IRN BRU Goya Ginger Beer- spicy and not as sweet as ginger ale! Usually with a good amount of beer... in my liver. And a pack a smokes Topo Chico, or really any plain soda. Tears Aside from the funny replies mentioned...  

Whiskey with Honey:  Nothing. The "honey" is good enough.  
Whiskey:  I typically go with nothing at first but get fancy later. And by fancy I mean cream soda (this goes well with the the honey, too).  

Any other whiskey variation is gross. Fuck all you college kids and Fireball. That is the spawn of satan.  

If you're really classy, drink scotch. But, for me, fuck scotch. Scotch is the equivalent of someone who owns a Yeti cooler. neat, with a naked woman. Nothing. Unrelated to the op, but vodka mixes well with Gatorade. Regret. Alternatively gingerale goes well with everything. the soul's of the innocent good whiskey - nothing - drink it neat.  Shitty whiskey - ice. Seagram's 7 + Crown Royal = Black Tooth Grin  Credit:  Dimebag Darrell

Edit:  forgot about the splash of Coke Depends on my mood and what whiskey I have on hand. I'd say most often it is OK whiskey, and it is just over ice. If it is really good whiskey, than neat.
Sometimes I like something like a mint julep or a manhattan or an old fashioned. Pepsi 1893 Tears. Recently was making some fruity drinks with tequila, and thought i would try Jack Daniel's for shits and giggles. Jack, Malibu, mango juice, pineapple juice, frozen strawberries, blended. Pretty damn tasty for 2 shots of Jack and 1 shot of Malibu. Self loathing Crippling depression Whatever's in my stomach. Coke. Poor decisions. One ice cube. But I drink good quality scotch... if it were bourbon or suchlike then maybe coke or lemonade.. Rye whiskey + ginger ale If it's low quality/house bar then coke and a touch of grenadine. If it's mid-high quality then just ice. I like it on the rocks. Ginger al With friends; always a good time. Unless you drink too much and encounter the proverbial whiskey d**k. Hookers and drugs. A glass. A lil bit of sour mix Whiskey..... 1 part Chambord or Cointreau (a bit less than 1 part if using this), 2 parts Bourbon, Couple Dashes of Orange Bitters, Amaretto Cherry (sometimes i mix a bit of the syrup in), Slice of Orange. Sadness Rice. Straight with a beer on the side. Hot Black Coffee Bitters and sweet vermouth. I like a little lime juice. Not much, maybe like 4-5 drops in the bottom of the glass. Just a single orange slice More whiskey, ice if I'm feeling fancy. Sometimes even a glass. I'll tell you what I'm *not* mixing with Whiskey anymore. Sangria... Nothing. Hannibal Burress introduced me to the wonders of the Jameson Ginger Ale OJ sadness and regret One ice cube in a clean high ball. MAH FINGER! Hopes and dreams. My bloodstream. mixing whiskey is a sin What kind of shit whisky people drink that makes them think about mixing it with something else.

If it ever gets to that point I'll just have a glass of water then. dr pepper Whiskey. Beer orange Fanta. its fantastic. Rice. 4/10. Pussy. [Lemon and egg white](https://www.reddit.com/r/cocktails/comments/4pyap9/whiskey_sour_with_a_few_drops_of_rosemary/?ref=share&ref_source=link) A fine Cuban cigar usually. A lot of people here mix it with ice tea, but you don't mix whisky IMO. Have any of you done Whisky and Apple Juice? I actually quite  like it Usually it's mixed with my stomach contents as I violently expell it from my body. Squirt, the soda mixes well with whiskey I like my whiskey how i like my women. 12 years old and mixed with coke. I'll add distilled water to cask-strength whiskey, otherwise nothing at all. Soda The drain. Nothing you fucking heathen. You drink it straight or with ice cubes. Otherwise don't drink whiskey Nothing because I'm a man. Regret...

Actually I prefer it neat, with a water back am actually disgusted ye mix yer whiskey thats abso stinkin One or more of the following:

A cigar.  

An ice cube.  

A good book or movie.

Good company. If your answer isn't more whiskey you aren't drinking whiskey right Mix? What heresy is this? Whiskey is to be had neat or on the rocks. Typically I am a neat/on the rocks whiskey drinker but recently I took a fine craft root beer and added two shots of scotch and put it over ice. It was incredible and refreshing. 5/7 perfect mixed drink for a hot summer evening on the porch. What would be in Reddit's Book of World Records?  Most penises on a Man: 2 Most hated ~~user~~ reposter: GallowBoob. The Fappening, Kevin, and that guy that had an incestuous relationship with his mother. Unidan Most gold on one comment: 419 I dunno but something to do with that kid with Broken arms. Most Karma without posting porn or funny cat gifs. The number of different threads containing the phrase "broken arms". Most Number of OP's mom insults in a forum. Most comments on a post, hopefully this will be the one. Most buttcracks captured in a single public event. Kevin? Highest number of times that OP didn't deliver. What's something that'll ruin a conversation for you that isn't inappropriate?  Rape jokes, or anything similar. One uppers Farting. Downvoters of reddit, why do you do it?  When bereft of dank memes Because I can. Because a post is cheesy or melodramatic. I also downvote poor grammar and spelling. I know it isn't technically right but I feel no remorse. Because of the salt. Because the system demands sacrifice. How do you justify war and battles?  Because some men don't want to sit around a campfire singing Kumbaya, holding hands, and getting along. Some women don't either. Sometimes your family is on the verge of starving to death because you live up in an area of the world where farming is not possible for several months out of every year, so you have to go take food from people that live somewhere more hospitable.

Or you're on the receiving end and have to defend your family and land. I can't justify it. There is no need to fight when we're all sharing the same planet and all need the same resources to live. There are reasons to go to war that are legitimate. Sadly most/all wars are not fought for those reasons. For example, the uprising in Syria, I feel WAS legitimate, but sadly it got ruined by other parties. Likewise, fighting the Nazis was legitimate (though I have trouble believing that, if Hitler only wiped out the jews of Germany, any of the "allies" would have stepped in). With my machine gun! Ratatatatat! In these days? Well someone needs a fat cat govt contract. Because it happens, has happened since the beginning of time, and will continue to happen. Sometimes it's the only way to get what you want. Win the battle and rewrite the history leading up to the battle. [By height](https://www.accelebrate.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/compare_by_height.jpg). For the most part I can't really justify going on the offensive. I'm a guy who minds my own business, and I think as a country we should too. That being said, if someone attacks me, I will engage in battle to defend myself. Our military should really be purely defensive in nature. Bordom If it's to help people in some way. Like attacking a country in order to help its citizens because that country refuses to You don't have to justify it if you kill everyone. "History is written by the victors." Every time I read about the horrors of war, battles, medieval or modern, even from a simple historical recollection, I find it terrible and it makes me angry. If I think more than briefly about people being killed whether murder or with battle tactics, that also makes me angry.

Is it just ignorance and stupidity that leads to war? I can't think how leaders have ever justified a war with the knowledge that people are going to kill each other. Blows my mind the more I think about it. If it is your job to think about these things, you'd think you would come up with a better solution. 

Unless it's just a great way to get all the people with no empathy and psychological disorders to fight it out amongst themselves? They all die off leading to a mentally stable society? What's the most stupid thing you did just to prove a point?  Snorted a handful of pepper to prove it wouldn't make me sneeze. It didn't, but I was 10 yrs old and to this day I sneeze an average of 5 sneezes when I do and it burnt my sinuses like molten lava. I regret it. Not me, my friend. Wanted to prove to everyone that he was the swaglord of our group. Sniffed cinnamon powder through his nose and sprayed deodorant in his eyes. What advice would you give to Hitler if you could go back in time?  Don't attack Russia and declare war on USA before finishing UK. Oh, and no genocide please. I would give him no advice at all. 

For me, things have turned out quite well. Currently we live in the most prosperous and peaceful period of human history. If it wasn't for WW2, things would've turned out way different. 

Maybe there would've been a more devestating war later on ? 

Furthermore, if it wasn't for WW2, I wouldn't be born. Both my grandparents had to move from eastern europe to germany, because the land didn't belong to germany anymore. If the families didn't meet up, I wouldn't have been born. Not to go in that bunker Grow a beard. Find the Drumpf family and sort things out... Try the art academy a second time Killing is bad, mkay Paint Enough already. Should have made America the scapegoat. You know that one general who you keep overruling? Just do what he says every time and you will be fine. People with bad laughs: when did you find out you have a bad laugh and has it ever caused you a significant problem?  Screw what other people think man.   Your laugh is your souls signature, and to deny it will only bring you sadness.

Whoever is razzin you on your laugh,  find something about him that he does thats lame,  like his goatee or something. I didn't even know there was such a thing as 'bad' laughs? Distinctive laughs, sure, but those are actually my favourites. 

Whoever told you that should jog on. Those of you who've worked as customer service reps, who was the worst customer you encountered, how did you deal with them, and what was the aftermath?  Renters of Reddit what are some wtf moments you've had with either management, other people, or maintenance?  I will never forget my roof leaking literal buckets, and my slumlord at the time yelling at me for telling him I needed to know when it was going to be fixed. That guy was a colossal dickhead. My neighbor came over and we were sitting there having a beer and he starts telling me how he had just tried to kill himself and the gun jammed.  Conversation goes on and he starts commenting on some of my pictures which I had taken and then asks if I would photograph him and his wife fucking.  After a bit I tell him I have to go to the store so he leaves.  I come back and there are a bunch of cop cars and he is getting put into one.  I talk to the cops who are loading his guns into the trunk to tell them I had talked to him that morning.  Apparently the dude just started shooting up the inside of his apartment. I'll go first. Literally two nights ago I was working late and I got a phone call from my SO of her yelling and telling someone to get out of the apartment (it was almost midnight). She was naked and she thought one of the neighbors cats got in our apartment again since she heard some tapping and movement. She walked into the living room naked as fuck to find a strange man who didn't speak English in there. She yelled at him to leave, he did. He came back with an other guy saying that they were maintenance but if there is an emergency our maintenance should have called us first and/or brought up the security guard to let us know it was them. Her and the other guy started arguing and they finally left. The next morning it turns out they were maintence who were responding to a leak complaint but they didn't notify us and just let themselves in... What's a good cult to join?  catholicism, 'cause the chicks like to party. [Church of the Subgenius](http://www.subgenius.com/)

The price has gone up since I joined in the 80s but it is eternal salvation or triple your money back! My cult,and its cheap too,only ?19.95 a month if you're interested? Short answer: none of them. Golden Hand of Truth PornhubHD /r/onetruegod If you're in an elevator that's failed and you're plummeting to your death, can you jump just before it hits the bottom and survive?  no, but you can delay your crash by a second or two No. Because assuming that the elevator is falling from a high story, one can assume the force of gravity and the acceleration would cause the elevator's frame to crush. It'd slow the fall very slightly, but it likely wouldn't be enough to make a difference. Terminal velocity is something like 85mph, so unless you can find enough vertical jump force to negate that, probably not. It would be worse than trying to jump from a standing position on a trampoline. No, the velocity of a falling elevator would be much higher than anything your leg muscles could achieve. You would not jump up, but only fall slightly slower for a short time. If you cwould jump with enough force, you could dash your head against the ceiling of the elevator, I'm not sure what that would achieve. Is the elevator made of foam? how can you go clubbing if the next day you have to study .. so tired of college ?  Set an alarm, have a red bull in the fridge and get on with it because you sure as hell won't be able to do it when you're 30 and working.

Source: I'm almost 30 and working. Such a hard life.  You can't stay out all night because you have class the next day. You could still go out and just come home at a fair hour. Time management, or you just don't go clubbing. Don't. Concentrate on your studies. Now get off Reddit and get back to work!!!! You eat and hydrate before you go to bed. Drink water, drink water, and drink more water. You can't Don't go clubbing? If you buckle down and muscle through it you'll get through college in less than 5 years and you can go clubbing all you want because you'll still be young. If you mess around now you risk taking longer, which means more late nights studying and more days being "tired of college". Redditors, where will you never go back to, no matter what?  Phoenix AZ. Hotter than asscrack there. THERE. For me, my mothers womb Where I originally came from. My arms shall remain unbroken and I'm not into incest. My Highschool Newark airport . 10 hour layover from HELL.  Most I met there were rude or didn't care.  Baggage charged me twice for the same bag. Then threaten me if I didn't pay again. When you get a dear and delightful thing e.g. car, bike, mobile phone etc., do you find it difficult to sleep at night because of the pleasant thoughts of the thing occuring in your mind? Also, do you leave the bed much early?  http://i.imgur.com/JfX8Rig.jpg Best show to binge-watch this summer?  Archer is a must-watch, I 6 seasons during exams in almost 2 weeks.' Archer and Game of Thrones. Graceland on netflix Rick and morty If you're into anime, and if you're on of the few people who hasn't seen it yet (don't worry, there are dozens of you) then One Punch Man was greatly entertaining Prison Break
Homeland Redditors with weird/long work hours, what have you done to maintain a "normal" non work life?  I wasn't able to for a while. The job I worked lost employees like crazy so I ended up working a lot of shifts. I would go in at 1pm work until 2 am then be back the next morning at 11 am till 1 am. Then it would start over and I would be back at 1 pm till 2 am. In this day and age, why isn't there a "one world" government?  Because we're onto your shit, Illuminati. Because there are too much differences between all of the countries, that would have to work together to accomplish this. Different people believe different things and want different things. It's *better* to let them govern themselves the way they want to be governed. Loominatey confirmed. Why would there be one? The world's governments show no great desire to dissolve themselves and remove their own power, and there's no outside force to compel them all. There are far more drawbacks to that than benefits, unless you're one of the people who thinks they'd be running it. Because it's hard enough to get a group of people from one town to agree anything,  much less a planets worth. Because then we would have to acknowledge and care for all of the people in the third world countries and we wouldn't be able to exploit them Because it would be a bad idea to put less than 1% of the world in charge of over 99% of the world. The world is a very big place. If you do not find that answer sufficient then I recommend traveling the planet if you are able. See how big it is for yourself. I'm pretty sure you will begin to understand the answer to your question once you have traveled for a while. Because everybody thinks they're right. That is what they want.......its a slow process and we will not realize its happening untill its too late unfortunately conspiracy theorists, bored youtubers, the shadow government and followers of all abramaic religions have given the  so called "NWO" if the powers of the media, government, financial,educational and social institutions stay the same as they have been then we would most likely go into a dystopian society setting with an NWO of 2016 or something like that. HOWEVER! if one were to take a moment and (God forbid) THINK of what the term could mean if the people of earth stood united together....Hell we would AT LEAST be a level one civilization  on the Kardeshev scale by now people..... GAWWWD Because giving any one group absolute power is a terrible idea https://youtu.be/daW6il49q2U The idea of free markets won't succeed when everything is regulated by one government. No one nation grew powerful enough to swallow the world. Other than that, there is still rivalry between nations. Because we can't have nice things. What makes you think there isn't? Have you gone outside within the past 30 years? because that's stupid.

We're *not* all the same, and that's OK.

Let people choose their own destiny. As long as there isn't a really big crisis wich is a harm for the whole planet noone is willing to do compromises which have negative points for them. Because of 3rd world countries, North-Korea, Trump... Already happened we just dont see it. Who controls all the money? Based on one singular skill, why would NASA put you on the team to mars when they plan to colonize there ?  My willingness to procreate. I can make the air stink I can recognize and name most voice actors just by listening to a character speak. I have dank memes. I apparently have a better than average ability to contain my gas and only release it at appropriate times. Definitely gotta get those genes into the gene pool in such a confined living situation. I can diagnose and repair a wide variety of electronic devices. You know that scene in *Contact* when Jodie Foster says "they should have sent a poet"? Yeah, I'm poetic AF. I like to have efficient routines. I actually studied soil science in uni. Those of you who couldn't afford a college degree but end up working on a job that requires one, what brings you there?  Boss likes me for some reason, takes me to dinner every friday. What is the lamest, most boring joke you know?  Saw this one on a Laffy Taffy:

"Why did the monkey fall out of the tree? Because he was dead."

:/ Did you hear the one about the paraplegic who was operating a drill press? Man walks into a bar and pauses: at the other end of the bar, there's this guy with a big orange head. Just kind of sitting there, mooning into his drink. So the man asks the bartender, "Say, what's up with the guy with the big orange head?" And the bartender says, "It's an interesting story. Buy him a drink and maybe he'll tell it to you."
 
So the man walks over and introduces himself and offers to buy a round. The guy with the big orange head says, "Yeah, I'll bet you want to know the story, huh?" To which the man replies, "Sure, if you don't mind."
 
The man with the big orange head sighs and says, "You know, I've gone over it in my mind a million times. Basically, it's like this: I was walking along the beach one day, when I stubbed my toe on something. I looked down, and there was an antique brass lamp. I picked it up and dusted it off a little -- when all of a sudden this enormous genie pops out!
 
"The genie thundered, 'You have released me from my ten-thousand year imprisonment, and I am in your debt. I will grant you three wishes as a token of my gratitude.'
 
The man at the bar is agape. The guy with the big orange head continues: "So I said, 'Wow, okay. Well, my first wish is to be fantastically wealthy.'
 
"The genie says, 'Your wish is granted.' And all of a sudden I have rings on my fingers and a crown on my head, and my wallet is full of money and a dozen ATM cards and the deed to a mansion in the hills -- I mean, I was loaded!
 
"So I said, 'Amazing! Okay, for my next wish , I want to be married to the most beautiful woman in the world.'
 
"The genie says, 'Your wish is granted.' And the ocean parts, and out walks this gorgeous woman in this beautiful dress, and she takes my hand and we fall in love and the genie marries us right there. It was incredible.
 
"The genie booms, 'You have one wish remaining.'" 

The man with the big orange head pauses and sips his beer. He says, "Now, you know, this may be where I went wrong. I wished for a big orange head. If you're writing a letter to a fish in a river, do you address it to "current resident"? I got a good one, Its a knock knock joke though. You have to start. Two muffins are in an oven, one turns to the other and says "Oh boy it's getting hot" 

The other muffin says "AAAAAAAAAAA! a talking muffin!" A middle aged Italian man went to a bar for a drink. He sees a foreign, young, twenty something, beautiful girl and proceeds to use his best game on her. She eventually warms up to him and they decide to go home together. Things get on exactly how you think they do and they hop into bed.

After an hour, both tired, the man asks her: "You finish?"

"Well...no." the girl replies

The man is a bit baffled, but pulls her back into bed.

When they're done, the man once again asks her, "You finish?"

"No!" The girl replies. The man, a bit annoyed, immediately throws her on the bed again and gives his everything.

After another hour, the exhausted aged guy asks her one more time, "You finish?"

The girl replies: "No, I'm Swedish." How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it. What do you call an alligator in a vest?


An investi_gator_. How many Germans does it take to screw in a light bulb? 1. Germans are efficient and not funny. What's green and says 'Hey, I'm a frog'? 

A talking frog. Two markets were flying. One says to the other "Hey, markets don't fly!"

The market who said that fell to the ground, but the other didn't. Why?


Because the other one was a supermarket. when is a door not a door? when it's ajar What's big, red, and eats rocks? A big red rock eater What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs buried in a pile of leaves?

Russell. knock knock... What did one candle say to the other candle?

Want to go out with me? Three little piggies went into a restaurant.  Waitress comes over, asks for drink orders.  
The first piggy orders a beer, the second a coke, and the third orders water.

The waitress brings these, and then asks for appetizers.  
The first piggy orders wings, the second orders nachos, the third orders water.

The waitress brings these, and then asks for meals.  
The first piggy orders a burger, the second orders a steak, the third orders water.

The waitress brings these, and then asks for dessert.  
The first piggy orders ice cream, the second orders a slice of pie, the third orders water.

As the piggies pay their bill, the first two ask the third "Why did you order only water all night?"

The third replied: "Well, one of us has to go WEEWEEWEE all the way home." DEEEZ NUTS! HA! GOTEEM "Der ver zwei peanuts, valking down der strasse, und von vast assaulted...peanut" My boss What's green and flies over Germany?
Snazi

Compliments of my Father in Law when I first met him... yeah, I should've run then. Why did Mr. Skull win the race?

Because he was just a head. Traditional German Joke:  It takes one German to change a light bulb. "I keep trying to buy one of those plastic divider's at the grocery store checkout, but the cashier always puts them back. ? " 2 Monkeys are in a bathroom, one is entering the bath and starts screaming 'oooh ooooh OOOOH OOOHO AAAAAHAAAAAHH!'

The other says: 'Put some cold in then you muppet'. What do you call a boomerang that doesn't return?
[A stick. ](/s "A stick.") I also read one on a Laffy Taffy and I kid you not heres what it said. "What did the 500 lb parakeet say?"

-"Tweet" So there's this guy named Hank, who's 32 years old and has never been to a circus. Hank sees an ad in the newspaper one day: "This Weekend Only: The Big Balloon Circus!" He goes online to see what will be in the show. Elephants, lion tamers, trapeze, clowns, audience participation, the works! Hank buys himself a ticket.

He arrives at the circus five hours early, just to make sure he gets a good seat. Hank wanders around for a while, sitting in random seats and gauging the view. It takes him an hour, but he finds the perfect seat. Not too far back, but far enough that he doesn't have to turn his head too much. None of the poles holding up the big tent are obstructing his view. Close to the aisle, too, in case there's a fire or he gets called to the stage or something.

Over the next few hours, the audience filters in and fills up the tent. Hank leans forward in anticipation as the ringleader steps forward. The show begins.

It's everything Hank ever hoped for and more. Trapeze artists tumble through the air. Clowns juggle balls and bowling pins while riding unicycles. A woman puts her head in a lion's mouth and the beast doesn't bite her. Someone leaps through a hoop of fire. An elephant does tricks with a beach ball.

A clown takes the microphone and says, "Okay, guys! It's time for the audience to join in!"

The crowd whoops. Hank cheers.

The clown continues: "Will the person sitting in Section Y, Row 17, Seat 9 please stand up?"

Hank looks around. No one stands.

The clown frowns a little, but he tries again. "Section Y, Row 17, Seat 9. Whoever's in that seat, please stand up!"

The crowd murmurs as people shift in their seats to check. Someone taps Hank on the shoulder.

"Hey, pal. I think that's you."

"M-me?"

Nervously, excitedly, Hank stands up. Oh, boy! He couldn't believe it! He wasn't just *watching* his first circus - he got to be *part* of it, too! What were they going to have him do? The suspense was killing him!

The clown sees Hank, smiles, and gestures to him.

"And here's the horse's ass! And now to present the rest of the horse..."

Hank, utterly deflated, sits back down.

He doesn't enjoy the rest of the show. He doesn't even notice it. He just sits, wallowing in disappointment and embarrassment. The circus has been ruined for him.

After Hank gets home, he starts doing some online research. He finds an online comedy school, with special classes in retorts. He signs up. Over the next year, Hank takes every retort class. He earns highest marks in wit, biting remarks, and snarking. He throws in some improvisation classes while he's at it. By the time the Big Balloon Circus is in town, he's ready.

This time, Hank shows up six hours early, just to make sure his perfect seat is vacant. Section Y, Row 17, Seat 9. He sits and waits.

The circus starts. He waits. He's happy to watch the jugglers and the trapeze artists again, but he's focused on his mission. His revenge approaches.

Finally, the clown appears. The moment Hank has been waiting for.

"Will the person sitting in Section Y, Row 17, Seat 9 please stand up?"

Hank grins and stands.

The clown points to him and says, "And here's the horse's ass! And now to present the rest of the horse..."

Hank shouts, "FUCK YOU, CLOWN!" What did the famer day when he lost his truck? 

Where's my truck? How does a pig not get sunburned when there's no mud around?

Oinkment! What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish?

Swimming trunks The End. How many electricians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

One. Why did the toilet paper run down the hill? 

To get to the bottom. Your school transcripts
E: you're - your What's long, brown and sticky?

A STICK! Something about a 12-inch pianist. Me What happens if you throw a green rock into the red sea? 

It gets wet. Where does a penguin keep its cash?

A snow bank. Q:How is a kentuckian who works underground like a canadian kid?

A:Ones a coal miner and the other is a cold minor.


Q:What do you call the CFO of a gardening company?

A:A hedge fund manager. What's green and the king of rock and roll? 

Elvis Parsley. So a guy goes to a Halloween party and straps a girl onto his back. The party host answers the door, and asks "What are you supposed to be?" The guy answers: "A turtle." The host says "..okay, but why is there a girl strapped to your back?" The guy says "Oh, that's Michelle." Q: What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
A: Roberto Q: what did the snowman say to the other snowman?
A: I smell carrots. Knock Knock

Who's there?

Rocking chair.

Rocking chair who?

Rocking chair YOU! Two cows are standing in a field. One of them turns to the other and goes, "Mooooooooo."

Other one goes "Shit, I was JUST about to say that." What's brown and sticky?

.......a stick! Guess what!?   

Chicken butt. What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor? 

Where's my tractor? Why did the chicken cross the playground? 

To get to the other slide. Two nuts walk into a bar... One was a-salted My life I don't know what my most boring one, but the lamest, most interesting ones I know are the nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. Q: what do you call a cow with no legs?
A: Ground beef
And...
Q: what do you call a deer with no eyes?
A: I have I eye deer 
Gets me every time ? What do bears use as tampons?  Sheep. Got this one on a popsicle:

What time is it when you run out of ice cream?





Time to get more ice cream. :/ "Haha.. k man, so like last night.. Brenda and I go to this party right? and we knock back drink after drink after drink and everyone is having a great time right? and AHAha.. so anyway the party is over right? and everyone gets home safely because we all had designated drivers." Knock knock

Who's there

Pickles

Pickles who?

Pickles haha Life Doctor I think I am a curtain, pull yourself together. Arrow season 3 and beyond OP. Better Nate than Lever. http://longestjokeintheworld.com Your Mom Yur mom How do you watch porn? Desktop, laptop do you keep the laptop on your stomach or on the bed?  Are you trying to condemn us all to hell? First I like go get the mood right by setting candles out and turning off the lights. Then I spend 4-5 hours searching for that right video. Once I have found the right video I place the laptop on my bed and go at it for a good 5 minutes. After I turn everything off and sit in shame for what I just watched. What cities do you think are fit to host the Olympics, winter or summer, that haven't hosted them before?  has New York ever hosted the Olympics? Philadelphia could probably pull it off as well...maybe even Cairo Nairobi should host the Winter Olympics. What's your worst inflight experience (seat neighbor, flight attendant service, etc)?  Plane grounded for 6 hours for a 2 hour flight. 4 babies on the plane being surrounded by children and babies who cant stop screaming and shouting like theres no tomorrow. Newark to Hong Kong direct + cattle class middle seat + neighbor with horrible, mind-altering, senses-searing body odor = 14 hours of hell. Is there a modern rationale for stores closing earlier on Sundays?  Because everyone really deserves Sundays and holidays off.  If you can't use the other 86% of the week to get your shit done then that's your problem. Don't take it out on other people Their employees get a day off, or a day to leave work early. Fewer people are likely to shop/eat later on Sunday's since most people (9-5ers) are winding down and getting ready for the week. Why keep them open if no one will be there? Because it sucks to work Sunday when most of your friends and family are doing cool things without you.  At least let me leave at 6 pm instead of 9. If given the chance, would you restart your life with the knowledge you have now? If so, what would you change and keep the same?  Yeah, I'd rock that spelling bee in 6th grade! Yeah. I would become an extrovert. I would only date people who are just as  or more enthusiastic about me as I am for them. I used to think this would be awesome, but the fact that literally any changes I make would effectively kill my children (not being born at all or being entirely different) kills this fantasy for me these days.  That and I don't think I could cope with my upcoming future in the military and the deaths that followed or the guilt of simply not joining to avoid said deaths.  Being sent overseas would be entirely different if you had intimate knowledge of those who were bound to never return. I think I would become instantly and utterly depressed and end up killing myself after trying to explain it all to my parents.  

Sorry for ruining your imagination party. I would get a degree I could actually get a job with. No only because my mistakes made the person I am today and I like me. I would'nt because I don't think I could enjoy my time as a child the same way. Yeah, I'd be that smart kid in school I would do it tomorrow, after studying the stock trends, lottery numbers, and horse race winners of the early 2000's. I would be the smartest baby, that's for sure. Has anyone come out of the womb and spoken fluent English? I don't think so. I'd also skip so many grades, but I also want to relearn most of the stuff from high school. The downside would be crawling everywhere and not be taken seriously.

I guess I'm sort of describing Stewie from Family Guy. My life turned out quite well. It's not perfect, but it's pretty decent. 

I don't have lots of money, but I'm happy. 

In that context, I wouldn't change a thing, because I wouldn't know, if it changes my life for the better. 

One might say, that more education would be better, but maybe I will end up deeply depressed ? 

One might say, that I would lead a more happy life with my former girlfriend.  It was a devestating breakup, but not necessary from both sides. If I stayed with her, I would've missed out on some opportunities for sure, but those opportunities were crucial for my develepmont. 

No change is necessary for me. All the things I've went through made me the man, that I am today. Restart from birth?  Not really.  My children are too important.  I'd be willing to restart pretty much from the day after my youngest son was born, though. Im not sure, a large aspect of my life, I am very unhappy with.  I would love the opportunity to change those things.  On the other side, I am in an amazing relationship and very much want to spend my life with this person, and would going back and making other changes in my life lead me to not meeting her? Yes, I would in a heart beat. There are some things in terms of finances and educational goals that I've learned later than I would have liked, and would apply those changes earlier in my new life. I wouldn't have bought stupid shit and racked up my debt. I feel like I am just keeping my head above water and it really sux *How could the knowledge I have be stored in a blastospore?* Yes! Restart! I'd put more focus in school, diet and physique. Less tv and games. Make different choices in the relationships Ive had in the past to avoid heartache. I would keep my views the same. Other than that, everything can change. People who have started a business and failed, what went wrong?  Had a great idea but no capital. Had to give up 66% of business to 2 investors to get idea off the ground (we each had 33%). Once I finished building the business, investors decided to "dissolve business" since they had majority share. Started a "new" business the next day that was the same thing with a different name. 

Told me to sue them if I wanted to see my share of any money. 

It all worked out though, they went out of business a month later. Glad to never talk to either of those asshats again. For a number of years I had a business selling rare and out-of-print books.

Then the internet boomed and I found out the hard way most of my customers were good with bootleg PDFs in lieu of original editions. Realized being self employed wasn't for me because I wasn't organized or motivated enough to grow my business. I just want to collect a paycheck and relax and enjoy my hobbies in my down time; not work on advertising or drive around giving estimates. It also helped getting a job offer that payed more than I was making working for myself and offered benefits. Started a business converting cars and trucks to run on natural gas when gas was $4.50/gal. here in the U.S. and fracking wasn't a thing yet. The week I opened my doors and turned on our digital billboard, the housing market collapsed and gas dropped to less than $2 and everyone's equity evaporated. I had 100+ customers lined up and all but 2 bailed. Shut doors. Backed out of leases. Got a job. C'est la Vie. Not enough start up capital. The business limped along for almost two years, but because we didn't have enough money to get started we were always just breaking even and when the industry changed we couldn't afford to upgrade the inventory and fell behind everyone else, then closed shop. Started a gym. It was successful at first, but it's an extremely competitive market and one of my business partners gave us a bad reputation because of how he treated people and word got around quick. I still worked a full time job so it was hard for me to do marketing, and both of my business partners didn't do shit to grow the business. We opened in May of 2013 and did pretty well and were successful for the first year, and after that it just kind of declined. I ended up backing out as a partner over a year ago and just continued coaching there. The business partner who gave us a bad reputation, ended up partnering with a millionaire he was training behind my brother's back, and the millionaire ended up buying the gym in March. Jokes on them though. My brother and I are happily away from that place, while our old business partner already hates the new owner and is trying to get out. And the amount of members they have is less than when I quit working there in April. 2 of the head coaches quit which means more members will leave. About 5 people left when I left because I refused to work for the dick bag who bought the gym.

I don't usually wish bad things on people, but fuck them. My old business partner is  constantly making horrible life decisions and the guy who bought the gym is a scum bag waste of life. What goes around comes around. Didn't know how to plan my finances. 

I would get paid and didn't really split the capital the way I should have.   I saw 100% of it as pay.  

I was doing personal training and with minimal overhead, once I had enough to pay my rent, I was done with allocating my monies properly.  Every client was just money in my pocket that I would spend.  

I never made a budget for proper advertising, expansion, rainy day fund, etc. 

I ended up having to get a "real job" and stopped training. I'm a lawyer and do very well from my actual job.  But I started a side business just as an alternative investment where I bought vending machines that dispensed straws to take a breathalyzer before leaving a bar. I partnered with a few bars in the area and sales initially did well.  

However, one bar owner asked me to come take it out of his bar after it became a contest to see who could blow the highest BAC and he feared someone might drink themselves to death. 

After another owner experienced a similar fear I just took the machines out and sold them on ebay. I was 12 at the time and had no idea how to breed hamsters responsibly. Smoked it all myself hehe I know dozens of people who have started businesses and failed. The common factor is not understanding finances and managing money. In many ways it's very much like what people ask on /r/personalfinance. Think about the average person who doesnt know how to manage their own personal finances, now imagine that person starting a business.

I had a friend who did awesome at his business. He was rolling in cash. He decided to spent as much of the money he made on stupid stuff. Like buying multiple homes, multiple cars, extravagant spending. Then because he was away so much his business went to shit. He didnt just lose customers, he lost a lot of business relationships where it became personal. 

I am oversimplifying, but listen to the numbers and understand them. If you dont know, then learn or hire someone that does. Then listen to them. Numbers will tell you how your business is doing. It will tell you if you have a really bad idea. It will tell you how realistic you are. It will tell you how much you can do and how far you can go. People dont want to listen to the numbers, they think that instinct and confidence will somehow lead to big success. It blinds them to facts. Nerium didn't get me a Lexus.....Who would have thought selling over priced lotion on Facebook wouldn't make me rich. Our contractors/ staff were poached constantly as we progressed. At a point it was just better to get in with a big company and do my thing instead of trying to compete with companies that had more capital than I. I worked at a small business that was started by a guy that couldn't work with anyone. All the projects had to be done by him. Anything anyone else did was not good enough, or had to have some crucial part done by him personally. We had a big project that a company was waiting on us for. He was so busy that he never got around to doing his crucial part of the project, and in the end I got blamed that I wasn't hounding him for results. The last week I was there was filled with him complaining to everyone that the industry was failing NOT HIS BUSINESS (so I left). My step son and his friend had a job installing floors for our neighbors company.  They both worked with him for about a year and decided they knew all they needed to know to go out on their own.  We advised him that maybe a years worth of experience was not sufficient and he might want to rethink things.  He decided to disregard our advice and move ahead.  Unfortunately he and his "business partner" were not great at getting up early and staying motivated when you're the boss.  I don't think the business lasted two months.  On more than one occasion they had to call in help from their old boss to fix what they messed up.  It's a shame as they could have made a lot of money had they been more motivated. My first business we tried to develop a medical device because we believed we could get it FDA approved with a 510k. Turned out, 3 years in, that we were required to do a PMA for the device... and that's the difference between a half million dollar process and a 20 million dollar process. We were fucked. 

Started another medical device business in 2006, got better at regulatory, developed several devices that DID fall under 510k and now we're going strong. Ate everything I could find in the fucking store and grab money from the cashier. It was probably not a good idea having a grocery store at 18 yrs old. Probably not exactly what you were looking for but here is my story:

After high school i had no idea what i wanted to do with my life. No plan, no working experience and a handful of good friends. We formed a band together. 

Well We gigged hard for 4-5 years. We made sod all, worked our asses off and covered hundreds of thousands of kilometers traveling around our state playing our music. 

At first we sucked. But over time we got better and even had some mild success in some battle of the band type things, but were knocked out before the finals, despite getting good crowd response and a lot of compliments after the show, We just weren't the type of music they were after. 

We wrote a few songs, released an EP. It was hard work but we did it. We all chipped in to keep us afloat but come the 4-5 year mark, we were all broke and having difficulties surviving. Something had to give. 

You see we would get paid maybe 400-600$ for most gigs we did, but the costs between petrol, Gear hire, food after the show pretty much canceled out any money we made. Petrol was the main killer. 2-3 vehicles to every gig took its tole. 

Finally we stopped gigging end of last year. Xmas day end of last year our Rhythm guitarist and one of our main songwriters left the band and the family in a major fashion. He was a man i considered my brother and i know the other boys felt the same. After that it was never the same. 

Did we crash and burn? Yeah we did. like a great many bands before us we never reached the fame and fortune we sought, and like a billion bands yet to come, if I had to do it all again, I wouldn't change a fucking thing, except the losing of my brother. but as far as the falling flat on our faces for Rock and Roll? Id do it again in a heartbeat. Just could never get enough sales to do more than break even. A great idea, but a not so great business plan and partner Started an eCig business before the wave, was young and made an ecommerce from basic html knowledge and no cms behind. Only had paypal button on it and had to manually switch price everywere it was displayed on the site. Didn't put the effort to go sell and promote in real life and the ecommerce died after about a year because other business did the effort I didn't put in mine. I started a business with a business partner when I was 22, it was a wholesaler of Electronics, mostly cellphones, it was 2008 and the industry was booming contrary to most of the economy. We had a good, very good run for almost 4 years, but we never did much to plan for the future, even though we knew the business wasn't going to be that good forever. At the end we got lazy and we continue to live out of the business for 3 years (Business wasn't making any money). When we decided to closed in 2014, we still had some capital left which we have invested in a save option and we are looking for the next opportunity. Don't get lazy and Plan for the future. I don't own the business that is near failing, but I work for it. The problem is that the owners won't spend money to replace or repair equipment but rather, they buy "quick fixes" or "good enough" replacements. The problem with this is that failure rates double, quality drops immensely, and they actually spend *more* money supplying and fixing the cheap replacements than they would if they had just shelled out the cash for the actual equipment. I guess you probably want an example, so one example would be: there are special large-format printers, with special ink, and special film, that are used to print black art on film for use in screen printing. Rather than replace the special printer, I instead now must print this stuff with a normal office printer, meaning I can no longer print large stuff, the print quality is bad, and the ink runs out really fast and is expensive. Good work, guys!

EDIT: tl;dr: Think about investments for the future, not quick-fixes or temporary solutions; you'll always lose out in the end. Had an idea for a new software product, but no concrete use case. Our management guy meant well, but this was a second job for him and he knew almost nothing about software in general.

Software was not selling, so we started to accept lower paid unrelated side jobs.
After about two years, we gave up.

Lessons learned: do at least some market research, know to whom you are selling and what problems your product is solving; make sure that there is a market for what you're selling. Find competent management.

At least, nobody was financially ruined; everything went peacefully and agreeable; nobody had trouble finding other jobs afterwards. Opened little falafel caf?.

Eventually almost no one eat falafel in my small town. Not me, but my dad. 

**His Business:** He sold custom/high-end wheels wholesale and had some high end customers (like David Ortiz, Nomar Garciaparra, Pedro Martinez, a few Patriot players and some actors in the northeast). Basically, there's two types of wheels that go on a car. You have the 'stock' wheels that come with a car when you purchase it that have the Ford logo in the middle and what not...and then you have the custom wheels that you can purchase separately. Custom wheels are like Spinners, Light-Up wheels and fancy designs. He started this business in the 90s and quickly rose to a modest income. 

However, he said the reason the business ultimately failed was because of the Chinese competition. Before the 2000s, wheels were primarily manufactured in the United States and sold here in the United States. However, after NAFTA came in and caused manufacturing wages to rise here in the states, many wholesalers turned to Chinese manufacturers rather than American manufacturers because it would be cheaper. My dad didn't have the connections with the Chinese manufacturers and he was not large enough to make these connections, so he had to continue to rely on American manufacturers which was costly. 

TL;DR: My dad owned a custom-wheels business that initially thrived but was driven out of the market due to the Chinese competition. Friend of mine ran a business that was actually quite successful, right up until he and his horrible wife started going through a rather messy divorce. He ended up shutting it down just because he couldn't deal with running a business at the same time he was dealing with the Harpy. The dot-com bubble of 2000. Went from "raking it in" to chasing customers for payment on small invoices in the span of a single quarter. 

I personally weathered it okay, and didn't stiff any creditors when I wound down the company. Not me but my dad. 

Immigrated from India to America and gets an engineering degree. Has a nice job in NJ until the company decides to relocate. Instead of moving with the company, he took this as an opportunity to fulfill his dream of owning a business in America. Moved family to GA and buys a Dry Cleaner with his brother in law. Things are good at first until the recession hit. Relationship sours between him and brother in law, so my uncle leaves the business. He works there about 14 hours a day to no avail. His prices were too low, no one wanted dry cleaning in that area, and he also started drinking at work and arguing with customers. After two years of running a failing business and piling on debt, he bails and goes back to India. Dies six years later. Long story short: stick with the good job that pays well. Decided to partner up with a friend who I had worked with off and on for years on side projects.  Had decent startup capital (his money, and pay from projects we did with 2 of my clients) and a few clients coming in to get us on our feet. Felt like a good chance to give it a go on our own. 

Partner eventually feels we need to add more sales/ business people to help us out, and neglects actually making sure projects are getting done or that we have artists in house to complete them.  Eventually says we cant take the smaller jobs because "they make us look amateur", and starts alienating the current clients with his attitudes and interactions and then gets confused when we dont have work coming in despite having 2 people in charge of new business. 

Eventually after managing all the employees, the office, and working on jobs, and bringing in my own clients (roughly 60-70% of the business we did, despite being the only person not working on "bringing in new business")  only to have them pretty pissed with how he wanted to interact and deal with them, and then being  told I wasnt doing enough, I decided to leave. They folded a few months later.  He has re-opened and closed a couple times doing similar things under new names and I dont talk to him anymore.

Learned quite a bit. When I try again in the future, I'll be much better prepared. I got into business with someone I should not have. We didn't put the whole team together, just remote worked. That was our downfall, because it would've allowed us to pivot / understand eachother much easier. Software startup. Hey, a question I'm qualified to answer!

I think I'd narrow it down to two things:

 1. A complete failure to understand how the marketing/sales process is supposed to work.  It doesn't help that 90% of sales/marketing books out there are a collection of mindless tips rather than any real structured "here's how you sell shit". By the time I started to understand this and recognise I needed to get outside expertise in, it was far too late.
 1. It is possible to be both over and under-capitalised at the same time. The business was bringing in enough to scrape a living on from day 1, but was heavily dependent on one client.  The capital I started out with was enough to guarantee the bank account would never go into the red (and hence gave me the illusion that I was laughing all the way), but was not enough for me to re-invest every penny the business made into growing it (which is really what I needed to be doing).

I did eventually figure out that I needed to buy in quality expertise, and with the right person to work with I could possibly have made it work. Maybe.  But by that time, it was far too late - my one big client went to the wall and I didn't have the cash to subsidise the business for the 12-18 months it needed to find that right person and build the business up properly. My business didn't fail, but I never made enough to be completely self sufficient. Who'd have thought that being a professional composer would be a hard sell in a small rural town. I'm a software engineer.  Have had several businesses that had the formulation of me partnering with another person who provided ideas and salesmanship, I provided finished apps to sell based on those ideas.  In the cases where we failed, the idea guy (different idea guy for each of the failures) turned out to be completely useless other than his ideas.  The app ideas were solid, implementations were good, and useful for those users that tried out the finished apps.... but the idea guy's inability to get off his butt and actually sell it sunk us.

In one case, the idea guy was not only a terrible salesman, but also crooked and dishonest, which really didn't help things.  That guy still owes me money.

These days, I only rely on myself.  Idea guys don't bring anything to the table for me. My first legitimate venture was launched with a group of guys I met on reddit. I definitely made some executive mistakes, had trouble keeping my crew motivated and such. I started with almost no capital and relied heavily on twitter as a method for client outreach.

My biggest mistakes were:

* Unclear role definition for the crew. Everybody kind of did everything to a certain extent.

* Let a dude with an obvious drug problem represent us for viral marketing. He ended up attempting to scoop my idea and relaunch it with a prostitute who lived thousands of miles away from him.

* Tried launching a technical wiki, viral marketing team, niche news site, and social media management platform simultaneously without a detailed business plan.

* Learned quickly that my target customer base almost exclusively operates without regard for ethical conduct ir morality

* Attempted all this with an overall budget of about $1,000


**Here is why I don't regret it:**

* I learned that my casual experience writing contracts in the past was actually very useful, and I am now good enough at it to satisfy most lawyers I've been in contact with

* I learned about the strengths and weaknesses in my leadership ability. I'm good at instilling desire in people, but was a poor disciplinarian. Couldn't really chastise people working for a % of potential total income

* I know how to operate a barebones organization now

* Learned an extensive amount about regulatory filings, investment jargon, market warning signs etc... I ended up becoming a relatively strong stock trader as a result of this enterprise

* I identified some weaknesses in myself as a person which gave me the opportunity to work on them




I will launch another company in the future, but I will not without an in depth plan, and not without proper financing. I can run a lean organization but not a free one. It was less of a business and more of a hobby I got paid for. I had tried turning it into a business multiple times, but not being able to do it alone meant finding competent people. Finding competent people is hard, and not having the money to hire them is harder. Add to all of that a job that made me work 80 hours a week for pennies and have no life, it was impossible for me to get anywhere.

So now I just freelance from time to time when someone needs a logo or something Photoshopped quickly. I just made a partnering deal with a guy, and now I'm in the process of actually starting something real again but slowly. Been working on a board game, and just trying to find the capital to hire artists and then get a beta version made for testing. In my head, I know how to turn all of it into a business-- but a part of me hopes a company just offers me a check for 6 figures and buys the game. Political environment in Kenya became very unstable (2007) and investors didn't want to commit to the next round of seed funding. Sold DVDS and other media on Amazon. Several of my buyers straight up defrauded me. My seller score plummeted because the buyers were abusing the system to get free merchandise. 

Also Netflix killed the TV box set market. Unfortunately, I have some examples/stories to share here.


-  When I was in College I had a brilliant idea to start my own business.  Since I loved sandwiches I bought a Blimpie.  I bought a Blimpie over Subway because A. Subway sandwiches are just bread and lettuce B. Blimpie had been around longer. C. Blimpies were doing well in my state etc.  So I thought because of ABC I would be successful.  Well here's where I failed.  I took over a dance studio in an area and turned it into a Blimpie.  I didn't do market research because, dumb college kid, and it was in a Jewish area.  I didn't realize this until a few months went by and I had no business.  By the time I had, it was too late and the reputation in the community had been built that it wasn't Kosher and it failed.  Ironically it turned back into a dance studio again.


- Post college I wanted to try again.  Figuring I learned some lessons and was wiser!  I bought a gas station in a well-to-do city with three mechanic bays.  I figured I would keep 2/3 mechanics, train under the master mechanic and become the 3rd one saving a salary, learning a trade, and succeeding in business.  Well, the master mechanic quit after a month because the original owner opened a repair center 30 miles away and recruited him.  Mechanic #2 shortly followed.  I knew basics, but not enough to survive and had to sell for 1/2 what I bought it for.  Learned my lesson not to get into a service business with no service/trade experience.


- NUMBER 3! IT KEEPS GOING.  Late 20's I got tired of working for my employer and decided to try again.  I moved to Florida and bought a successful gas station, figuring I didn't have to build it just sustain it and I would be fine.  This station had a massive convenience store.  Think Wawa size.  It failed because I couldn't keep up with storing the inventory and paying for the shelf items.  I eventually ran out of money/goods and had to sell.  Basically broke even here though.  Lesson learned, chewed off more than I could handle.


Now, I am successful.  I'm not rich, I am working for my employer but what I have done is become a silent partner in two businesses in Boston.  I own two 20% stakes of convenient stores and I generate about 3,500 a month and do nothing.  It supplements my income well.  Business might not be for me, but it never stopped me from trying and I found what works best for me. I am not a business man, atal. My senior year my friend and I decided to deal to freshmen. We have up after a bit because it seemed immoral What is publically shunned, but believed by many people privately?  Eugenics Right to polygamy? Racism [Serious] Reddit, How did you meet your SO and how is it going?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Mutual friend introduced us, it is going fantastically. WoW's launch day. Currently engaged. Met in highschool. 

Now we're having kids, 8 years later. She showed up in my mailbox as a letter twenty years ago, on a matter totally unrelated to relationships. We've been married for eighteen years. Things are going wonderfully. Was suppose to be going out with some girlfriends for a ladies night at a popular bar in the area, and on the way we saw Applebee's had a sign up that said "Thursday Ladies Night - $2 jello shots." We took it as a sign that we should start the night there with appetizers, drinks and obviously jello shots! At the time my future SO was a waiter there but that night was filling in for someone out sick as the host. He greeted us at the door and I was immediately drawn to his hilarious and witty personality. He came over to the table a few times while we were there and we really hit it off.     
    
We ended up staying there so long, that we never made it to the bar afterwards. Thursday ladies nights at Applebee's became a thing for us, and eventually numbers were exchanged and the rest is history.          
     
So thank you Applebee's for advertising Ladies night, and thanks to whoever called out sick that night.     

We're now married with two kids. We met at college marching band camp and sat together in our very first college class.

We've been together for eleven years and married for seven. Wouldn't change a single day of it. Marrying your best friend often works that way. He was my boss at a previous part-time job I had for extra money. Still together and currently live together :) Mutual friend. It's going great, been together for 5 years, married for almost one. Raising kids and working for the weekend. We met on OKcupid. I actually rejected him two times because I got into car accident at that time and I didn't want to date anyone due to stress. He didn't give up. Then I rejected him again because I thought he was anime crazed Asian fetish dude, but turns out he wasn't. We are still dating, almost to 3 years and planned to get engaged this year. He ran a game of Dungeons & Dragons at a local convention, still together 21 years later. Deleting this after a while for obvious reasons, Slow day at work so I guess I'll give you a summarized version of a very complicated/ongoing situation.


Met my current S/O in high school, we became somewhat friends freshman year. Spoke every now and then but not enough to really get to know each other. It was obvious we had a thing for each other because of how we interacted and annoyed each other.throughout the first 2 or 3 years (up to junior year or so) I've asked her how she feels about me multiple times, all answers were "I like you as friends etc" so it was all good I guess. After Junior year started i began keeping to myself when it came to interacting with her, i liked her too much to be "just friends" so i would avoid her in the halls etc. 

Flash forward to beginning of Senior year. We had a class together so we saw each other more and it was clear i avoided her because of things but we still spoke. After winter break we got back to school, and she sends me paragraphs on how much she likes me and how she made a mistake by not being with me etc. We get together officially after that (Jan 2015) and everything's great. 

We graduate High school and enjoy summer. Keep in mind she comes from a family that restricts her freedom. sure i get to see her once a week, maybe twice but i wish it was more. We speak/text everyday though. she takes a semester out of her first year of college to work. 

When her time comes to go to college (Feb 2016 to Vermont, about 5 hours away) i tell her that it's probably best to take a break to prevent her from meeting somebody else and hurting me or to prevent me from meeting somebody else and hurting her. she refuses and thinks it's best to continue with each other long distance to which i accept because might as well. 

With her freedom at college, she can do whatever she wants, she hangs out with her friends which are mostly guys because (girls are too complicated blah blah) i tell her that i obviously have a problem with that but its her decision and i trust her not to do anything. 3 months into her 4 months of her first semester of college she sends me a message saying that after this summer of 2016 she'd like to take a break because she doesn't want to hang out with her guy friends and do stuff knowing that i'll get hurt and she feels bad because she's in a relationship with me. to which i reply "what does that mean? etc" 

I gave her the freedom and trust to do her thing without upsetting me and she feels the need to do her thing so much that she wants a break from me? what things does she want to do if she feels the need to take a break from me to it? (obvious answers lol) 

A few days after she mentioned that, (about 3 weeks before she gets home from college) i tell her that i want a break this summer as opposed to after summer because i want to do my thing etc without being tied down in a relationship, she asks "what kind of things do you want to do" i respond with "the same things you want to do after asking for a break after summer" 

She was upset, and we ultimately agreed to continue together for this summer, things are obviously not the same because of it but we're still with each other. 


I left A LOT out, and if you guys want i could continue with edits with more information that will further this situation but this is a summary. I'm sure i love her, but sometimes it doesn't seem worth the stress. I communicate with her a lot and i feel like i'm doing my part, sometimes i feel like she's not doing hers and im sure it's clear to her that i have no problem letting go of the relationship and do my thing. I'm just worried on how it'll affect her because she's very sensitive and has severe anxiety problems. 


I'm sorry it's so lengthy, I'm not expecting anybody to read it, i just need to get some stuff off my chest, back to work. Married people of reddit, what non-sexual thing do you like to do when you're all alone without your husband/wife?  Eat an entire box of Oreos. Watch movies. video games. All.Day. I'm usually mixing records. What gross habit you should be ashamed of but still do it anyway?  Masturbating OP's mom What did your boss do that pisses you off?  Not make a decision.  I would rather you make the wrong decision than keep on the fence for weeks. Interrupt me with unnecessary small talk. Gives me all the responsibility but none of the authority. People of Reddit what is your best quitting story?  A group of friends and I got together to sew a quilt for someone who was retiring.  I never made a quilt and can't sew for shit so I cut the squares.  It was really a nice quilt. I wish I could quit EU, said the Welshman. What was your favorite pet you had as a child?  cute dog My fish then I got a dog then I got a cat Big dumb boxer that drooled everywhere. I rode him around the house like a horse. my cat sandy, she lived until she was about 11. she was ginger and fluffy Whats the biggest mistake you made and blamed someone else?  which Dog Breed is the most loyal to his owner?  I know which ones the least. Bitches, bitches aren't loyal. The one you rescue from the shelter. I've always felt black labs or labs in general to be a loyal AF breed. I finally got my "dream dog" and am not disappointed. Dobermans are very loyal. All dogs.

But everyone is going to respond with their favorite breed. I think that is Alaskan Malamute Any Shepard breed will follow you to death if trained well. Seymour from Futurama. Parents of reddit: Do you have a favorite child? If so, why?  My daughter because she is my only child and wicked cool. My favorite child is whichever one is driving me the least crazy that day. The oldest. I tell myself it's because he is old enough to be fun (6 vs 4 and 2 for his sisters) and not because he's a boy. I really hope that's true. What was the worst time you couldn't stop laughing?  My wife was 8 months pregnant, it was 90 F outside and we didn't have AC, she prepared supper and had the table set.

I pulled out the chair so she could sit down and as she tried to shimmy closer to the table she fell through the chair (it had a wicker center).

Now only part of her butt went through, but since the chair had a wicker center it was stuck on her butt.  She stood up and the chair came right along with her.

She said get this fucking thing off my ass, I lost it, I had tears in my eyes.  She was furious, and I'm trying to pull the wicker away while laughing my ass off.  Wound up getting a pair of scissors and cutting away all the wicker, then pulling it off her butt.

I was just glad that we only had butter knifes on the table that night.  It's been almost 24 years since that happened and she never let's me forget. A guy was telling this story about a mutal friend of ours, where she had accidently killed her rabbit by stepping on it. It's was so absurd that it was hilarious to me ^^I'm ^^sorry My SO's grandpa just died and she received the call in my room. A friend of ours was there as well. I got very nervous about the whole situation because she was crying and I didn't know what to do to comfort her. Then this other friend moved his chair right onto her foot and she screamed. Something about the whole situation, his face after that accident and her screaming and already being nervous made me laugh uncontrollably, the more I tried to stop it the worse it got. I felt soooo bad. Luckily she could forgive me as she knew I was laughing of nerves and not to make fun of her. Me and my friend were parked hot-boxing a car. High as fuck my friend jolted out of his seat because somehow he "felt" that the car spontaneously started the engine all by itself (The car was off the whole time and we were not moving). 

That night I though I was gonna die of laughter or at least crack a rib. Someone was telling me how their brother died and I laughed in their face... I'm even smirking to myself now DAMN what an ass I felt for laughing. I just couldn't stop. I think it was more the fact of how he died. It just seemed so comical. Not at all though. Myself and around 10 other people were smoking and I got way too high. I probably laughed for a good 10 minutes straight. Everyone just sat and stared at me. I still get shit for it. What "good advice" do you think is actually bad advice?  Live like you're dying. If I did that everyday I might actually have died already. As soon as you get married, every married couple who has been together a month longer than you have suddenly has tons of advice for you:

"Love means never having to say you're sorry."

No, you're going to apologize a lot when in a relationship, so are they. It's about working through it, figuring out the problem and being better for the person you love.

"Never go to bed angry."

No, go to bed. You're probably only fighting because you're tired. Go to bed, snuggle, have angry sex, whatever. Unless it's a life or death situation, there isn't a whole lot you're arguing about that can't wait until tomorrow.

And here I am giving advice like I know anything. Hypocrite. Eat everything that is on your plate.
  
Sometimes your body doesn't need that much food. But try telling *that* to an Italian mom. Don't give up on your dreams.  
...Sometimes your dreams are stupid. Relationship advice. It's always knee jerk reaction shit. You want to last a few decades in love, you are gonna have to forgive some serious shit. Hang in there.   

Quitting is completely underrated.  And elegantly exiting a broken venture early is a very important life skill.    I would even say it separates 'winners' from... Don't worry about normal, there is no normal, just be yourself

I'm autistic and EVERYONE will tell me that. Its all bullshit, because they think that autism is mildly cute quirkiness, not an actual issue. They don't know the whole issues, and that if I actually stopped trying, I'd not be able to function in regular society, because I'd be unable to talk to people, and you only talk to me BECAUSE I try. It's not necessarily advice, but "everything happens for a reason" or "this is just part of God/Life/the Universe's plan" are the most commonly said and least helpful forms of condolence ever. 

Some people find it so hard to simply say "This sucks. I am really sorry you have to experience it. I wish you didn't." Sometimes the simple acknowledgement of the truth is what's most helpful. And maybe add, "I care about you," or "is there anything I can do to help you, or to make things a little easier for you right now?" "Video games taught me that if you're encountering enemies, you're going in the right direction."

or
Or
OR

You're an asshole and you are making those enemies because you're an asshole. "Do what you love, and you'll never work a day in your life!"

Ok, that may be true...but you also may never be paid. Which is important to some of us. In a country obsessed with self-defense, we tell schoolkids that if they ignore their bullies, they will go away and stop bothering them. "Be yourself" What if you're a creepy fucker? "Just ignore them"

Hell no - I can stick up for myself thank you very much.

Edit: I am talking about people who constantly bully you, push you around and make your life a living hell. If it's something small then yeah I'd just ignore it. 'Never change who you are' - is built on the premise that you can be belligerent and ignorant to other ideas and opinions, purely because it is who you are.

It also closes the door to self improvement, introspective thought and mindfulness of others.

Also if you are an arsehole, it is not a free pass. "Don't go to bed angry."  Sometimes you just need to cool off first and talk about it later when it's not so heated. Things can be said in the heat of the moment that can't be unsaid, the cool-off period can help a lot. Obviously different things work for different relationships. "Relax - lightning never strikes twice in the same place."

Actually, it does. What doesn't kill you only makes you stronger.  Tell that to my best friend who is now quadriplegic. >Money can't buy happiness

99% of the time, it can. I really hate advice in general, it grossly overestimates context, you can hear two completely opposing pieces of advice, both of which are considered "good" and yet people from both ends of the spectrum, both following the complete different advice from the other, find their way to success. Just keep a keen eye and adapt to your current situation, thats as good advice as any.

TL;DR  all advice is bad in the right context. "Good things come to those who wait." 

Nope, hustle and work your ass off for what you want. "If you're in your 20s or early 30s quit your job and travel!" Also. "Always tell the truth"

I've found as an adult that lying is at times necessary. Upsetting the status quo with brutal honesty can be a bad idea. It is a bit of an art I think, but there are definitely times to skirt the truth. "You can be anything you want to be." 

&nbsp;

I think the better advice is,  "If you work hard and power through all the obstacles that will undoubtedly be in your way,  then you can be anything you want to be." Follow your passion. Tell that to 99% of the acting community who wants to be in movies/tv. Telling a pregnant woman or new mum to sleep when baby sleeps. Doesn't ever work. Ignoring cleaning is impossible. Then it all piles up and you've a ton to do. Especially useless when it's a mother of newborn and other kids, or twin/multiple mother. That student loans are "good" debt. 

I cannot pffft enough. R/relationships. Any advice given is terrible. e.g. "If a guy/girl can't deal with you at your worst, they don't deserve you at your best"

No. Sometimes you might just be acting shitty. ["Follow your passion".](http://99u.com/videos/22339/cal-newport-follow-your-passion-is-bad-advice) "Always be honest."  

Often times lying is good and necessary. Follow your passion and the money will follow. No, it doesn't. "Man up" and marry the girl if you get her pregnant.

For the first many years of that kid's life he/she won't know his/her mommy and daddy are any different from the others.

Legally shackling yourself to a person that you are not sure you want to spend the rest of your life with is idiotic.  Having a kid does not change that and it *certainly* doesn't improve the chances of the relationship being a success. Separate from the EU

Everything will be fine Everything will fall into place Just be yourself. Telling people to drink a lot of water. If you're not also eating right it can lead to electrolyte depletion, and not everyone needs a lot, drinking excess just leads to peeing more. "Let him down easy".

No, don't let us down easy, spell it out and let us know exactly where we stand! 

We can be idiots when it comes to reading women; if it's over forever with immediate effect,  then say so. If you ignore the bullies they will stop bothering you

lies. "Just do things that make you happy".

Now I'm all for happiness, and if that's what you wanna do it's fine. However, I think it's important to challenge yourself and step outside of your comfort zone frequently. Also, it's important to feel the full spectrum of emotions. Happiness doesn't mean nearly as much when you haven't truly felt the most intense versions of other emotions. Be yourself. 

I much prefer "Fake it long enough and you might find yourself on accident." "Cheer up"

"Calm down"

"Think positive" Eat low-fat food.  Low-fat food usually has more carbs and sugar, and the lack of fat makes hunger get out of control. There is a very informative lecture about how sugar and high fructose corn syrup used in low-fat foods is killing millions of us. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBnniua6-oM -if you want to do well in life go to college

 every person I know (with one or two exceptions) who went right into a trade is happier and making more money than the vasy majority of those I know who went to college. Including myself.

Edit: people please. We all understand that this is circumstantial evidence. I dont need to know everyones careers. "Follow your hearts desire, you can do anything you put your mind to!" Line up all the Barcodes when you are checking out so the cashier can check you out faster.  You're going to look like a total moron.  Someone might even want to fight you I've heard two conflicting ones. 

"I'm first and everyone else falls in place" From my first employer after high school. Essentially saying take care of yourself and then worry about everyone else.

"I'm third." From the graduation speech just days earlier. First is God (or nature for atheists like the speaker), second is everyone else. Then when you've made a difference in the world, you can worry about yourself. 

As a religious person, I can see God first, but beyond that I think it's case by case. Everyone else second is too broad to be helpful, and putting my self first leads to some questionable moral decisions. Keep an open mind. It only works if everyone else is keeping an open mind as well Anything from Cosmo "Violence is never the answer" I'm sorry but if someone is physically harming you or someone who cannot defend themselves then one must do whatever they can to stop it. "Be honest." Being too honest can be detrimental, if you tell your dad he never provided for the family, or mom her cooking sucks, or your husband he's a bad lay.

You can live without telling them these things, so just do. "Hold the door" "You only live once".  Yeah, so don't act like a reckless idiot. [deleted] Just go limp. Follow your passion.
Just watch this video: https://youtu.be/CVEuPmVAb8o "Get amazing grades and a college degree and you'll get a good job."

I focused all my energy in school and learning my trade. I was in the top 5% percent of my class, a 3.9 unweighted GPA, got a full scholarship to college, graduated magma cum laude, all that. I've worked very hard at my skill set and I'm proud of what I can do. 

But do you know the most valuable skill I should have spent time learning? Charisma. Socializing. THAT is THE best asset you can have if you want to advance your career. I never learned how to socialize, empathy and charm is not instinctual with me, and I have lost opportunities as a result. I should have spent maybe 1/3 less time on homework and learned to work people instead. "Just be yourself".

No - we don't develop by sticking to behaviours and experiences that we already know.  We don't change until we explore the unknown, enter new situations that we might not usually feel comfortable with, take chances, and express ourselves in new ways. Don't go to sleep angry at your SO. if anything being tired makes you more aggravated and you'll both get angry at ridiculous things. Go to bed, wake up with a clear head, and talk it out then "Follow your heart."

Fuck that. Your heart is irrational. The generalized advice surrounding quitting a job. People have this bizarre fetish with fellating a shitty employer when you're leaving.

Know what? Respect and at-will employment go both ways. If the employer can't provide you basic human decency, they don't deserve what is ultimately a courtesy to them. Fuck 'em.

Do note I'm not saying you should be antagonistic with them as that's not worth it. But dumping the shithole of a job isn't the same thing as spitting in your boss' eye. "A knight in shining armour has never had his metal truly tested."



No.


NO!!!


A knight in shining armour maintains it! He fights ever fight and afterwards, he spends so much time to recover, to take care of his armour, replace broken straps, rub off rust, hammer out dents, or even get new pieces!


I see people use this as some sort of excuse for being shitty people, for not dealing with their troubles, for glorifying their behaviour and trying to shoot down those of us who don't act like we feel horrible even if we do.



And I also encounter this in SCA, IMCF and HEMA areas as well. And this time it's literal. And also incredibly shitty. A knight in shining armour takes HOURS to upkeep his kit if something breaks or dents or rusts. I'm in my twenties and I'm tired of men in their fourties or fifties who scoff at me when I'm outside my tent, polishing my armour, and then take to the field in rustbuckets that could be, frankly, shameful to the hobby.


Now, if they take to the field in ill maintained armour, I'm fine with that, but when they try to push me down because I do soemthing they don't have the energy to... It's just so incredibly tiring. I was always taught growing up to never get a loan for anything or a credit card, if i wanted it bad enough I could save up for it. It was solid advice for a while because, well, I didn't get myself into debt, i saved up and bought a few used cars, and I learned to be happy with the things i had. But now I'm 29 years old and have never built any credit and it makes it very difficult to get a loan now that I know you need to for some of the things in life you'll need, like a respectable car or a house. Often, the "golden rule" is misinterpreted (IMO) and ends up being bad advice.

Misinterpretation: Treat other people the way you want to be treated.

Better interpretation: Find out how others want to be treated and treat them that way. Sleep around in your 20s.  I think if we're going for any kind of true love we have to invest in the singular importance of that love. Young people are training themselves for relationships based on physical appearance and swag rather than earthshattering connection you can make with someone you're truly in love, I'd die for you, I'd stay with you if you lost your limbs love.. I had it one time, but didn't realize how hard it would be to find again in a culture like ours. In society now.. I doubt many people will find anything but codependency and an aching feeling that something is missing in life. Everyone is wearing too many masks and buying into them full force.  Life is not a music video. You can get to know people without slewing with them.  As soon as you do you're going to confuse oxytocin release with love and miss out on a real connection. [deleted] "Drink 8 cups of water a day."

No, listen to your body and drink when you're thirsty. So many factors can play into how much water you need, assigning an arbitrary number is stupid. I live in the desert and exercise rigorously every day. I drink about 15-20 on average. Likewise, some people only need a glass with each meal and one or two in between. The number 8 is not the end all. "Nothing is wrong if it feels good" You can do anything you want if you work hard enough.  No, you can't.  I'd love to be a doctor.  I could work at it 24/7 but I'm just not smart enough. Make a difference in the world!

I'm all for wanting to try to aspire for greatness but at a certain point its just not helping anyone, yourself included. "Just Be yourself."

No, always try to be the person you want to be. Definitely "be yourself".

Don't get me wrong, there are times to be yourself. When your with close friends that understand everything you say and do the way you intended to say or do it, that's great. That's such an important time to be yourself, because not being yourself around friends means you probably need new friends.

In most social circumstances, however, there are times when you should definitely not be yourself. Being yourself almost always has something to it, and in a lot of situations, it's best to veer more politically correct. Saying the right things can you get you places in work, school, or even just conversing. The more you travel, the more educated you become.

"Don't tell me how educated you are, tell me how much you've travelled"

I hate bullshit quotes like this, I see so many on facebook that pretty much say the more you travel the better person you are.

 Yes, travelling can benefit your education but knowledge is not directly correlated to travel. You can still be a dumb fuck and go to every country and not everyone has enough disposable income to travel the world. Don't shit where you eat. Meaning don't date colleagues. 

It's a place where you spend a vast majority of your time when young, and you can often meet like-minded people. >Winners never quit.     


Being exceptional at one thing means quitting most everything else in order to focus on the one thing. You should give this person another chance that no one deserves, except for family. Yeah, bullshit. Being related to me doesn't give you VIP access to my vulnerability. "Do it yourself/dont ask for help"

You cannot do everything by yourself. 

What I mean by that is sometimes you'll need help from other people. My dad was always the type of person to walk through mud and hell just to do something so he wouldn't have to ask others. It was his pride. My brother and I both picked up on this without knowing. Sure he struggled and of course like many of us my age (I'm 25) our parents didn't get a long... So once my dad stopped relying on my mom, he became super independent. He would catch the bus to work, no matter the distance or how he felt.

One time a spider bit him at work and he bad knee complications because of it. But this guy walked 2 miles for a bus and made it to work, regardless of what the doctor said. There were plenty of people offering to give him rides but he never accepted. And it was dumb of him not to. I'm not saying take all the help in the world, but if you have a hill to climb and someone is giving you a walking stick, take it. Especially when they want to help.

I learned this from my dad without ever realizing it and my brother and I still talk about how some of the stuff he taught us was messed up. It cost me a relationship that might have been really amazing. I was so used to living my life without relying on anyone. Catching the bus 3 hours one way for a job, never taking any help at all. Suffering inside the whole time, and people just think I'm really strong. Well, I wasn't. Go to college at 18. 18 year old kids do not need to do that. Period. 

Many 22 year olds do not need to make the decision to be doctors. You can be whoever you want to be. Holding a national referendum on the future of your nation just to score political points. Man, this is the most biased thread I've seen all week. "Just be yourself". It just means don't  bother with self improvement Get lots of sleep before you have a baby.  You're better off not getting lots of sleep before the baby comes so you're more used to it. buy foods that are low-fat. "If at first you don't succeed, try try again" kind of conflicts with "repeating the same action and expecting a different result is the definition of insanity".

I'm pretty sure I don't agree with either of these. Entropy pretty much guarantees that if you keep doing the same thing, you'll get a different result *eventually*. Conversely, sometimes you need to stop trying and think about whether you're using the right tactic.

...So maybe I agree with both? Vote leave, don't believe the scaremongering. Go to college.  A lot of people should go to college, but a lot of people should go to a trade school or apprentice or just start working. Clark Kent telling everyone to get under the underpass during the storm. It's a terrible place to hide. If someone knows about 1/17th of the situation, probably any advice they give you is worthless. Source: had an emergency and had to rent out a condo ASAP or lose it. Got tenant in for 2 years, I was happy. Person giving advice asked me what I rented it for and I told her *rent was exactly commiserate with the area at the time*. She. Went. BALLISTIC. "You're an idiot! You're undercharging!!! You need to get that tenant out and double the rent!!!!!" When I was finally able to speak 10 minutes in (She interrupted and out-shouted everyone in the room) I finally was able to explain the area/situation/and the fact that every other condo in that neighborhood was renting for exactly what I was getting. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. I didn't know that." Yeah, no shit, Donald Trump. It isn't necessarily advice but a way of conducting yourself. I hear a lot of people talk about how they refuse to kiss anybody's ass or suck up to a boss. Usually it is said out of frustration for not getting anywhere in their current job market and sum it up to being an independent person who doesn't need any legs up. The fact of the matter is if you want to win at the game you have to play it. Sometimes that means putting on a fake ass smile or laughing at jokes that are not funny. By all means don't whore yourself out but you have to be willing to kiss a little ass if you want to be the person who's ass everyone else is kissing. Stick with it!  Perseverance is great.. sometimes.  Sometimes you gotta cut your losses and move on to something that will actually work. "forgive and forget"- somethings that can be forgiven should never be forgotten. **Do what you love.**

No, no, do what *you're good* at. That's usually a completely different thing. If it doesn't put a roof above your head, it shouldn't be your job, it should be your hobby. We get it, you looooove mud sculpting. So then you work hard at it on the side and it becomes something one day, maybe, maybe not. But until then, punch in some numbers or drive an Uber. God has a plan OR God doesn't give you more than you can handle.

Look, I'm Catholic. I believe in God. I pray, go to church, etc. What I don't believe is that God has mapped out our lives and everything that happens in them. Every little thing that happens to us isn't the doing of a Supreme Being. Sometimes stuff just happens. Some good, some bad. If you believe in God AND free will, this is pretty clear. If God really did just decide each and every thing that went on, there's no free will. If there's no free will, there's no good or evil (because we don't have a choice). Things just ARE. 

But that's not how it works. Don't blame God if you get cancer and assume He gave it to you as a challenge. That's ridiculous. Cancer sucks. If God loves you, he's not going to give you a horrible illness. It is ok to be ok if you can't handle it by yourself. It is ok if you're overwhelmed. Every bad thing that happens isn't some sly test from God. That's ridiculous.

Similarly, if your child almost dies, and he's saved at the hospital, how about thanking the doctor instead of God. 

Blaming/crediting God for everything can be a cop out. It is a way to avoid the reality of a situation. To skirt responsibility. To give yourself an excuse for not addressing it. STOP DOING THAT! Just keep swimming.

Sometimes it's a good idea to turn around and stay where it is safe. May have already been posted but Mike Rowe said the worst thing you can tell someone is to work a career you are passionate about. That seems to be very sound advice most of the time. I know it applies to me. "Cut out all the toxic people. The only person you need to worry about pleasing is yourself."

Seems to me all this does is breed more toxic people who don't understand why you should ever do things for other people. I've learned to run the other way of they start spouting this. "Be yourself and don't worry about what other people think."

No, more people need to shut the hell up and concern themselves more with the opinions and feelings of others. And there are far too many lowlife assholes out there for you to be telling everyone to be themselves. Many people need to be someone else.... ANYONE else. God has a plan for you, or everything happens for a reason. 

Well then i have absolutely no control over my life. "Never give up hope".  Giving up hope is often the most physiologically and emotionally healthy thing we can do. "YOLO"

It's not that bad in concept. You only live once. Might be true, might be a lie. Who knows until we die? But somehow it got grossly mistaken for lets take as much risk as possible to ensure we live life to the "fullest".

Sometimes I don't wear my seat belt at the dinner table. It's getting out of hand guys. :'( Follow your heart. "If he hits you hit him back twice as hard" sometimes flight is the safer option to fight if they are part bear part man... If you stand up to a bully, he will back down.  Found this to be false on a few occasions growing up. Happy [spouse], happy life. 
Not such a good idea to base your own personal happiness on whether or not someone else is content. That's asking for trouble imho. "If we are meant to be together then we will end up together"

No. If you want to be with a person you gotta go after. You can't expect someone to not get over you after 4 months.

I fucked up. I'm coming for you KB "Follow your dreams".... kills me everytime. society would collapse if everyone was a professional athlete artist movie star musician. social media has probably made this worse because nobody can focus on being a contributing member of society and instead needs the spotlight to be validated...

we should glorify focused hard working people who add value to the world.. rather than those who want to be a famous highlight reel Follow your dreams "Good things come to those who wait."

False.

Good things come to those who seize opportunity when it becomes available and take action.  Time waits for no man. Parents should stay together because it is better for the kids. WORST ADVICE TO GIVE A CHILD: "Sticks and stones can break my bones but names can never hurt me." is absolute bullshit. Verbal abuse is far more common than physical abuse and can be very harmful to a child's mental health. "There's no such thing as a dumb question."
Yes there is. There are some truly dumb ones. Follow your dreams, you can reach your goals, i'm living proof. beefcake!! Patience is a virtue 

For who? The mother fucking clock is ticking. GO! The grass is greener on the other side. You don't find out until it's far too late. Truth is if you take care of it and water it properly, your grass is just fine. "Always do what makes you happy." To cut ties with your family about some small thing - a reddit classic. It feels like most people here are still in the angst teen parent hating phase. Don't take any wooden nickels. My local bar accepts wooden nickels for half priced beer. If you build it they will come "Never go to bed angry."

It's often quite helpful to let some time pass and sleep off whatever anger you have so you can have a calm and productive conversation. Women like nice guys.

EDIT: Since this got buried and people are basically disagreeing with me by saying stuff I agree with:

> To clarify, I'm not saying they absolutely don't like nice guys. The problem is that women act like all you have to do to get laid is be nice and exist around women and it'll just happen. [deleted] "Work smarter, not harder."

Should be, "Work smarter, **then** harder." Be yourself. "Go to college straight after you finish school"

Almost everyone is told (in Ireland at least) that you should go to college ASAP and get some form of degree. Most people at the age of 17/18 here just pick a course that they know very little about just for the sake of going to college like everyone else. Most people end up dropping out because they've no interest in studying, or else lack the maturity to survive college exams. 

I think it's so stupidly obvious not to advise someone into a 3/4 year commitment unless they are sure it's something they absolutely want.

Taking a year or so for themselves to work a menial job or travel around is for a large group of people the best way to go at that age. Just give them time and space to find their own inspirations/aspirations.

I would estimate that out of everyone in my class of 160 at least 150 moved onto some form of further education. 50 would have dropped out within a year and less than 25 would have finished the degree they started with initially. 

College is most certainly not for everyone. Especially those just finishing school. "Always go for your dream job/career and never settle." Not that this is *always* bad advice?it's important to encourage peoples' dreams?but I think our culture is sometimes so focused on "ALWAYS go for the career you love, no matter how hard it may be to get there," that people feel guilty, ashamed, and depressed when, inevitably, life doesn't work out that way or when they can't afford to do that. I'd rather work a mediocre job and enjoy my life in other ways than spend 50 years hustling for a dream job, you know? And sometimes, people just really can't afford to spend that much time, money, and effort to go for a dream job/career. It's not always feasible. I wish more people said "It's okay to not have your dream career, you can make the most of life in other ways still." You can be anyone in the world so be yourself. Screw that I used to be boring and hated myself so I changed. Life is at least 100x better now Vote "Leave" and [one day, lad, all these will be yours](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsKDg7Y28D8). Do your best....
How good is my best?
Does it count if it was the best of my lazy self? "Don't go to bed angry" is crap. "Get a good night's sleep and talk about it again when you're rested and less immediately angry" is a much better approach. You need to get married to kill your loneliness and after married man spend whole life with loneliness. Don't apologise for who you are...sometimes you are a dick. "It'll happen for you, don't worry." Nope. No guaranty anything will happen, and if you want it to happen it is going to take a goal, planning and hard work most of the time. Even then, no guaranty. "You have no-where to go but up!" What if you're on the top floor of a building... 'Never kick a cow chip on a hot day.'  
Kicking a cow chip is never a good idea. Honesty being the best policy, unburdening oneself of uncomfortable truths, etc, etc, et al.

Confession *really is* for the confessor in most instances where *confession* is the appropriate word to use, excluding tne legsl context.

 That, and I guarantee that you and everyone you know are pretty irrational. Me too. 

White lies are an irrational person framing their semi accurate perspective on a neutral truth for an another irrational person to parse out. 

Which is just to say, if you're not *usually* hung over on a Tuesday, go ahead tell your mom you can't make lunch for some other reason. It's *more true*. 

Extrapolate that however "Follow your heart"

You mean the most fickle aspect of who I am should be what makes my decisions for me?  Seems legit... Live every day like it's your last.  Ummmm....No. "Just be yourself" when talking about relationships. The fact is, not everyone's natural self is likeable or attractive. If you're a male, there is about an 80% chance your natural self is unattractive. "Just be yourself" is only good advice if you're already a confident, fit, strong, successful, and charming person. If you're not, your problem will not be solved by being "yourself". 

"Just be yourself" is incomplete advice. The actual good advice should be "take a look at yourself and determine whether or not what you've been doing has been found attractive by the people you want to attract. If not, change yourself into something that is, then just be yourself". That the number one goal in life is to be happy when in reality it's to have a purpose. Being happy doesn't equal being fulfilled. "Treat others as you would want to be treated". Doesn't work for a masochist, or a dickhead who I want revenge on. If I did something wrong, I wouldn't want someone the get revenge. An eye for an eye.  It is reactionary advice and is typically poorly thought out that leads to a bad outcome. make friends There's always living a normal life with a good education, stable job, good career, etc. But then on the other hand there's people that say to do what you enjoy doing because you may not have the chance to do so later or that it's better to enjoy life doing what you want to do. Who knows what's right and what's wrong. Act like it is your last day on Earth. I'm only gonna act like that on my last day on Earth Good things come to those who wait. Complete bullshit. Go out and get what you want and do not stop until you get it. "Charity begins at home".

Fuck *right* off, what this normally means is "Charity ends at home", or "Not my problem, why should I help?". "A mortgage is an investment." No it is not. Not at all. The opposite of one, in fact. Buying a house in full is an investment. A mortgage is a liability. Use your head. ''Just be yourself" 
''respect authority''
''always tell the truth'' Follow your heart Ignore a bully. "Never go to bed angry." 
No, take your grumpy ass to bed, we'll finish this in the morning over bacon. "It gets better, don't Kermit Suicide". Stating that it gets better doesn't mean it will, and it takes work to change anything. People think that a kind word or two can change someone's determined ricochet into the abyss. "Be confident."  Real confidence comes from success and experience.  Faking confidence is just baseless egotism and narcissism. Set up an annuity. 
   -thanks John Oliver. Be yourself. 

Authenticity is important, but so is being a good person. If "yourself" is a dick, try being a better version of yourself. "You can't love someone else until you love yourself." Like, no. Anything on xkcd. "Expensive toilet paper us worth it".

 No it isn't, get a bidet instead. Go to college so you can get a good job. Drinking tons of water a day; drinking when you're thirsty and keeping adequately hydrated is undoubtably necessary for so many reasons but I see a lot of people overdoing it to the point where they are downing litres per hour because they're told its beneficial and they feel they have to. "Be yourself."  Closely followed by, "Do what you love and success will follow."  Unfortunately, being yourself often leads to not using the brain to filter what someone is about to say with the result of being rude, rambling or saying stuff that isn't true.  Being yourself also often means not particularly trying cause that's much easier, not working to get along with people, not doing things that are difficult because it isn't fun.  And then there's the ever popular, do wha you love.  Really?   I really don't think success will chase me down if I'm lying on a beach somewhere relaxing and I also don't think the yard will get mowed or the house cleaned. "Hope for the best, prepare for the worst"

Personally, I think "Prepare for the worst, hope for the best". Eat your food slowly so you don't eat as much. How about you just order or serve yourself less so you don't waste it? I think eating quickly is better for you for a number of reasons. ITT: Excuses for shitty behavior. "If you need more traction in the snow, but your car into low gear."

This is the opposite of what you want to do. Think about it. 

Low gear = more torque ("power" to the wheel).
More power combined with less friction with the road means your tires will spin much easier.

In fact, IIRC 'traction mode' in newer cars simply keeps the car in a higher gear. This makes it harder for you to accidentally give it too much gas and make the tires spin. Get a credit card! 
No thanks. I don't plan on buying things I can't afford. Get a credit card! 
No thanks. I don't plan on buying things I can't afford. Take no thought for the morrow.


Uhh... there's a reason you don't spend every dime of your paycheck the second it hits your account, use condoms, go to school, etc. It's because this is really stupid advice. Just follow your heart. 

Ummmmm....no. That means following your emotions. How about you think it through first and do what seems most logical? Follow your dreams Follow your passion. 

Most hollow advice ever. Sure you should do what you really love and enjoy, but you've got to have a proper plan. You need to put in a lot of effort to actually make things work. And also, be ready with Plan B. Everyone is beautiful. 

No everyone is not beautiful. Being a good person is not same as being beautiful. I may be attractive personality wise but that doesn't reduce my ugliness. Respect women and be chivalrous. ITT: Redditors taking every piece of advice literally "Never Doubt Yourself" You have to "love" yourself before you can "love" others. No, as humans are are all selfish and fucking self-absorbed. Sometimes we learn to love ourselves through loving others. "Stand up to your boss!" Just find a better job. Your boss will realize he's a dick when nobody wants to work for them. "Tell her the pussy was tight and moist"

You dont have to lie, say what you mean "Always do your best." 

Eh, maybe. Do your best on important things, surely. If you're a kid, and the choice is between doing your best on your homework or watching cartoons, probably you should do the homework. But as you get older, there's more stuff on your plate and you can't realistically devote the time to do your best on all of it. You have to decide on a couple of things to do your best at, and for the rest of it you have to settle for good enough. 

If I gave my absolute best at work all the time, it would make me a pretty terrible husband, father, friend, etc. Even if I picked one thing at work to do my best at, all the other things I'm responsible for would suffer from lack of attention. A big part of being an adult is looking at the 100 things on your to-do list and deciding on 90 of them that you aren't even going to look at today. And then from the remaining 10, picking 8 of them to do just enough on to have them not blow up in your face later. Then you really apply yourself to the last two. 

A better piece of advice would be: "It's called the minimum because it's good enough." YOLO! ITT people from /r/SummerReddit thinking they are smart. Work hard and you will go far or hard workers always succeed. 

Really a lot of factors other than how hard you work determine how successful you'll be. 'Be yourself'

But I'm a cunt? Do you thing / Follow your heart / Follow your mind, etc. etc. etc. Just smile and everything will be better. In regards to love/relationships: "Go with the one that drives you crazy."

Nope. Someone driving you crazy is usually a sign of a volatile relationship that is just waiting to fall apart. "Go to college, even if you don't know what you want to do just get your generals."

Your telling me I should go into dept for something  I might not even need? Work through the pain. fake it till you make it. *shudders* I before e except after c "Treat others they way you would like to be treated". Upset about losing your SO? Come out with your friends and we'll get you inebriated drunk so you can drown your feelings! Anything that tells you to rely on fate instead of being self driven. The whole "if it's meant to be, it will be" is bullshit. You can't just sit back and not do anything and still expect to live a full life. Going out and putting yourself out there is much preferable to me. "Loud Pipes Save Lives."

Uh, no. The sound points backwards, so the people who you need to hear your motorcycle still can't until you're next to and slightly ahead of them. "If at first you don't succeed, try try again."

To a point at least. Obviously you shouldn't give up on things just because they aren't going your way, but after a certain point, certain things need to be abandoned in my opinion. You will find a girl if you just stop looking. "Just talk to her/him!"

No, they're a raging cunt and there's a reason I don't talk to them. Telling someone they are a natural when they first begin something. It can make people get lazy when instead being naturally adept at something should bring reason to work harder.

For instance, Lebron as a child may have picked up basketball faster than the kids around him, but it was hard work and dedication that won him three national titles. Not natural ability. lift less than your limits!   X'D > Don't pay off your mortgage early, use the "free" interest

At a 3.5% interest rate (roughly the current market rate from what I saw last I looked) on a 30-year $250k mortgage, you'll be paying roughly $150k in interest over the life of the loan. It's not free. While you might get an interest *deduction* on your taxes, it's not a tax **credit**. Most people will say that investing that money will return a greater yield?but that's assuming people who do pay the full interest (i.e., don't pay the mortgage off early) are actually investing their money (not just in CDs paying 0.000001%^(just a little hyperbole but the 1.5% I've seen isn't really that much better and won't beat inflation) or whatever rubbish rate they're paying these days) rather than spending it on the frivolous. And someone still has the note to your house in the event of problems.

Pay that sucker down, then enjoy the mortgage-free life. Do what you love! Ignore bullies or to not stoop to an assholes/bullies level.

Sometimes ignoring them works, because they realise they won't get a reaction out of you, but it won't ALWAYS be like that. Sometimes these people see you not reacting as a sign that you're not going to do anything, in this case they aren't looking for a reaction they're just probably making an example out of you and won't stop unless you do something back. I learnt this the hard way. "Just be yourself, they'll like you for you."

Only no, sometimes they won't, and sometimes you need to change. I always feel like this is some of the worst "advice" you can give. "You should smile/be happy/think positively, it makes things better!" While maybe true to some extent, turning a blind eye to problems doesn't make them better -- in fact it's a form of avoidance/denial that ensures the underlying issue remains unresolved while one goes about just pretending everything's okay. Sometimes a problem really is a problem, not just a deficiency of sunshine in one's attitude. I hate it when people say to 'Just accept peoples faults'
Like ummm, No. Some things are just unaccapetable. "Everything will get better."

As someone who's struggled with generalised anxiety and depression since I was a child I've wasted so many years waiting for everything to get better or for my life to be okay. I was waiting for this moment of brightness where 'better' would be delivered.

I've come to the realisation that no amount of talking, waiting or hiding will change your life. Action changes your life. It isn't about moving mountains but about making the effort to skim pebbles. 

Write detailed lists of small goals, 'go to bed before 11pm', 'say yes to the next outing with friends', 'save $50- this month' and commit yourself to achieving them. Take joy in ticking them off your list, find an app that shows this process. Don't berate yourself if you don't achieve some, that happens to everyone but commit to taking responsibility and action in your life. It's not hard to do small things like a load of laundry or washing the cats water bowl. 

If you tick one thing off your list a day and that's all you can manage be proud you did it. The pride you will build is surprising. Ignore other people around you. All that matters is what you do for yourself to heal your perception of yourself. 

It took me until this year after I turned 29 to realise this. I wish someone had given me this gentle advice earlier, hearing people talk about "You've just got to get up and do it / You need to come up with a plan" was terrifying in its vast scope so I hope this helps someone who is feeling the same way I felt. Good luck x Anything you learn from your parents growing up before you were old enough to make your own informed opinion. 
This is the way hate, misinformation and general ignorance can spread through generations. Follow your heart "Write what you know."

Bullshit, write whatever strikes your fancy. Treat others how you would like them to treat you.

It doesn't really work much. "Just be yourself" will not work for a lot of people. "Never go to bed angry."

Always been b/s in my book.  My wife have gone to bed angry on numerous occasions.  It actually gives both of us a chance to cool down and reflect on what we're fighting about.  Majority of the time we agree that whatever it is we're fighting about isn't all that important and we move on.  

I like to think of it as the old axiom "always masturbate before a big decision".  Thinking of buying a house, calling an ex, etc?  Masturbate first and then see if you still want to do it. Make a career out of your hobby. Nothing destroys the fun of a hobby faster than when you turn it into work and depend on it to put food on the table YOLO seems to be used to make bad decisions most of the time. Maybe not advice, but I hate this whole "when I get married, I am going to stay married forever, none of this divorce shit, we're just going to talk it out, etc. etc."

News flash: Everyone thought they were going to stay together forever when they got married, and if it was as simple as just talking it out, that's what they would have done. Also, the person you marry is going to change, inevitably. There's nothing wrong with looking at the person you married 10 years ago and being like "You know what? We're not happy, we're not on the same path anymore, and we would probably be better apart."

I guess I hate the idea that divorce is a manifestation of weakness. Maybe sometimes it is, but more often than not, it's a sign that two people don't want to waste their lives living unhappily, and that should be honored. "Do unto others as you would have them do unto you."

No, people are different. It should be "Do unto others as they would have you *do unto them*." Completely avoiding credit and credit cards. Can really come back to bite you in the ass later in life, thanks mom and dad. If something sounds too good to be true it probably is. I think that's great advice, that's why I don't believe it. Just relax. ITT - people taking adages literally. Body cleansing.

I have friends and know people who undergo a "cleanse" where they pump their body full of all this crap that "cleanses" your body. Which is funny because these morons clearly don't have any idea that your body has this wonderful organ that does that already, called a "Liver". When you shit, what the fuck do you think your body's doing?! Fake it 'till you make it Better safe than sorry. 

...So we should just stay at home all day and do nothing? Because that is always safest. "Never hit a woman"  
  
Might be bad advice if you're getting your head smashed in by a girl with a baseball bat. "Just be yourself." Most people don't wanna hear everything that's wrong with you on the first date, and being proud of issues with yourself isn't a good quality. No one is perfect, but you should try to be a good person... I'm tired of all these Disney princess wanna be "if someone doesn't like something about you, it's their fault and you're right." ITT: people taking sayings wayyyy too literally. Peeing on jellyfish stings "Be yourself" - sometimes is easier/better for you to change. Go to college Walk it off. "Everything happens for a reason/everything will be alright in the long run."
It makes you complacent and weak since you will start to think you have limited control of your life. Your mistakes aren't your fault and everything will work itself out. 
No, you are in control of your life, and no, not everything just works out by being stagnant. Sack up and take responsibility. Do not be afraid to say "I don't know". Honesty is great, but in the work place. bullshit is king. The early bird gets the worm. This is shite and any night owl can get as many worms as any other bird. ...you should buy a house Chase your dreams. It is Ok. But, you need a back-up plan. For 1% of people, it works out. For 99%, it does not. 1. You NEED a college education to get ahead in life.
2. You NEED to buy a house ASAP, rent is a waste of money.

People rush into these decisions far too often. Go to college Alright so I actually did the "QUIT YOUR JOB AND MOVE ACROSS THE WORLD" thing in December. I moved from a fucking comfortable existence in Australia to scary London (think Marshal in HIMYM when he first gets to NYC). Conclusion: I wish I had given my old life more than 8-days notice that I was giving it all up. Oh and planned more. Definitely planned more. Treat others how you want to be treated.  Stupid advice.  
If you care and want to be thoughtful you find out how they want to be treated, which very possibly is different of how you want to be treated. "Don't rent, buy." 

Listen that can be very good advice. **BUT** there is also nothing wrong with renting an apt for a year or 2 while you save for a better down payment, and shop around for a house. Its better to rent, and save for a house you want, then get stuck with a high mortgage on a house you don't want. Your not doing yourself any favors there...

Now a good time to Buy instead of Rent, it CARS! Leasing a car is a HUGE waste of fucking money. (I work in the auto industry) People say, "I rather lease because I will never have to pay to fix it if it goes in the shop." This is dumb, you are paying a monthly rate too lease it. I paid my car off 2 n half years ago, I bought it used, I is 9 years old. Its been to the shop twice since I paid it off, all together I spent $600.00. So I'm way ahead of all my friends that are paying monthly lease payments indefinitely. As a matter of fact, I have a lovely nest egg set aside for when I want to buy a house. Just be yourself. "Grab the bull by the horns." Okay.. Now what? Eat all of the food on your plate! There are kids starving in Africa who would love to eat that! From the parents of hugely overweight kids everywhere..... Just be yourself :( "Smile and you will feel better." God won't put you through something you can't handle. 

One of my pastors died of lung cancer, his last sermon was about how that was a lie. A lot of times other people will need to help you through hard times that you will not be able to. Other times, you will just pray for death. The idea that everyone should vote no matter what? I've heard people say that since they don't follow the news they won't vote. I get irritated when people say that's no excuse. If you don't know or care about the issues then you really shouldn't vote. keep your head down (golf) To buy any house because they all give you a positive return on investment.... Be yourself. We are way too complicated to even understand what an ever-changing concept like "self" means, plus a lot of people are raging cockspouts. "Always go with your first choice when taking a multiple choice exam."

This is just BS in my experience. There have been countless times when I have changed the original, wrong answer to the correct one. If you doubt the answer you've put down, *then change that shit.* I'm getting married soon and I hear "happy wife, happy life" a lot.

I'm the woman, and I think that's just so messed up. My partner also has feelings, and needs. That type of thinking is exactly why people end up in relationships they hate, and have weddings that are *all about the bride*. There's just so many levels of sad to it. Don't look down when at heights. Bullshit, you better know where your feet are stepping. "Do or do not, there is no try." Kids keep quoting Yoda at me since it's popular, with the reasoning that they either succeed or fail. Since they are so scared of failure, usually this defaults them into the "do not" portion. They don't try new things, they don't learn from their mistakes and try again, they don't try to move their success to the next stage. 

And I'm talking kids too scared to fold their own paper airplane. It should be fun, but failure is SO SCARY they don't even begin, or freak out if it's not perfect the first time and give up. How are they going to learn harder concepts, or work a difficult job? I'm beginning to hate Yoda. "If you're not first, you're last." - in actuality you could be second third fourth etc... "walk a mile on their shoes" I don't even want to walk a mile on my own shoes let alone someone else's. Always be completely honest with your SO. "You are perfect just the way you are."

It kills all motivation to better yourself.  It invalidates your own judgements about areas you are lacking in.  It also just plain isn't true. "Never go to bed angry."

Tired people say things that they'll regret - things that will hurt your significant other. Sometimes you just need to sleep it off, wake up in the morning, and realize how pointless the argument was in the first place. "Just do what you love"

An impractical approach to what your career goal is will result in a bad time. /r/relationship_advice "Just be yourself"

The amount of things I've accomplished by adapting myself far exceeds what I could've done comfortably being myself. Follow your heart. So many bad decisions made, friendships and good jobs lost because  someone was following 'following their heart'. Just be yourself.

I'm a cunt. "Keep it real" I always hate that "Video games taught me if I see enemies I'm headed in the right direction" shit.. 

No,  sometimes if you see enemies it's because you're an asshole and everyone is trying to stop you from being an asshole. 

The quote would make a lot more sense if it was delivered "Video games taught me even if I'm headed in the right direction there will be enemies"   - *that* is actually solid advice or affirmation.      It means even if you're kicking ass and being awesome and saving princesses there's going to be some jerks out there.    

Telling people that the presence of enemies is an indicator of virtue... that's fucking stupid. "Just be yourself." "Don't worry and try your best."

It's more accurate to say "be yourself as long as it is within our acceptable parameters i.e. don't be yourself." "Don't worry and try your best" applies more for people who have safety nets. Don't go to bed angry. Sure, let's stay up all night exhausted and pissed off, see where that gets us. It's not gay in a three way ?_? Anything touted by mainstream media.

Start with buying a house and raising a family. *"Don't let other people tell you what you can't do"* ?(or other similar phrases).      
        
Yeah, well, it's not that simple.? Sometimes you shouldn't.? Sometimes you should.? What you shouldn't do is use statements like this as a carte blanche excuse to be pigheaded.? Learning from your mistakes is an important part of our very being; ?it's what makes us better people. Just be yourself.

I mean if you feel like a maggot you don't want to be yourself, the right words should be change yourself Don't go to bed angry. Yes, go to bed angry and talk about it the next day when your not tired and mad. Forgive and forget. Fuck that! I mean I don't hold petty grudges but some assholes do not deserve my forgiveness or indeed a second chance. Forgive and forget.  it should be: forgive, love, and keep guard. >If you?re comforting yourself with the dictum ?Never trust a thin chef,? don?t. Because no stupider thing has ever been said. Look at the crews of any really high-end restaurants and you?ll see a group of mostly whippet-thin, under-rested young pups with dark circles under their eyes: they look like escapees from a Japanese prison camp?and are expected to perform like the Green Berets.

>If you?re not physically fit? Unless you?re planning on becoming a pastry chef, it is going to be very tough for you. Bad back? Flat feet? Respiratory problems? Eczema? Old knee injury from high school? It sure isn?t going to get any better in the kitchen.


http://ruhlman.com/2010/09/so-you-wanna-be-a-chef?-by-bourdain-2/ "tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all".....
You know whats better than loving someone, having your heart ripped out, spiraling into suicidal depression, and "Learning to be stronger from that experience"? Not doing that thing. "The truth is out of a perspective of love" No it's not. If I'm unknowingly doing something wrong, I'd like someone point it out not feed me a bunch of sugared delusions. "Take after your souls wish, you can do anything you put your mind to" 

Presently, to a degree, I have no issue with this yet by the day's end, not each and every individual is equipped for whatever they might need to do, that is just tragically the way it is. I like the supposition of the exhortation, however it needs a bit of authenticity in there some place. "Be Yourself". It leaves no room for growth. I think it's hard to be anything but yourself, but maybe "Be confident in yourself" is a more proactive way of putting it while allowing the person to reflect on what worked and what did not. In the very least, I think a person should be given the chance to make the decision to want to change. You can still be who you really are but make a few adjustments that help people like being around you more. Get married so you don't die alone. 


Nope. I'll get a wife whenever I see fit. My life. Thanks. Pump yourself up in an interview to the point of lying - show no weakness.  If the hiring manager of a company can't recognize a full-of-shit douchebag, then you probably don't want to work there. "Be yourself".  Too many people are assholes. Don't judge a book by its cover. "Find your soul-mate".

There is no such thing as a soul-mate. Neither the universe nor any deity has created a person specifically for you. Marriages (and relationships in general) take work and effort. When you look at your spouse or SO in the context of 'soul-mate', you remove YOUR responsibility to make things work. You're expecting a 'higher power' to solve your problems for you. "Never talk to strangers." "Oh you're sick? Make sure you drink plenty of orange juice!" That shit is just sugar water. "The best way to get over someone is to get under someone else." "Fight for your love." Um, if they really loved you there wouldn't be any battle for them. Movies constantly have this plot but it's stupid. "Change the world!" 

This advice is assuming that any change someone could make is automatically going to be for some "greater good" but I assure you that you could name 10 people off the top of your heads who made a "change" that was unwarranted or harmful to the world as a whole. Ignorance is bliss. Never give up.

Sometimes things actually are impossible, and it's best to forget about them. "Be yourself."

The actual advice should be "make your's a good self"


Quote from zefrank quoting someone else. Nice people finish first. i can't explain why but i always felt the saying "happy wife, happy life" is stupid and sort of doesn't embody the kind of relationship i want to have. Don't work too hard! "What you don't know won't hurt you!"
Actually yes it can...and even kill you sometimes. That you should always tell a person if you have feelings for them. That can be really disruptive to the existing relationship, and consequently can be an entirely selfish (and futile) gesture. "Do what you love."

Sometimes it makes more sense to make a living out of something that isn't your "calling" but will ensure you make a better salary. That salary can be used to pursue your passion outside of work. Also, being forced to do something every day is a surefire way to fall out of love with it. If you don't  have anything nice to say, don't  say anything at all.  Fuck you Grandma! This was the biggest manipulative, controlling phrase I have ever heard besides "Children should be seen, not heard." I don't know if this is advice but the saying "Great minds think alike" - two idiots can have the same bad idea... i cant stand it when people say, 'just be yourself, and you will succeed'. i think success requires quite a lot of adapting yourself to the challenges you encounter. Wait for a job that you are passionate about, and it is no longer work.

I love my job. But there are 100 things I'd rather be doing at any point. Those don't pay bills. If you teach someone to only do what they love, you end up with a bunch of unemployed folks waiting on that video game tester job or ice cream taster job to open up.

Find a job that you enjoy, and that leaves you feeling fulfilled at the end of the day. But if that's not an option, take a shitty job, get some experience, and move yourself up. "do unto others as you would have them do unto you"

I know this has a religious background but coming from a primarily Catholic country I've heard this one a lot. 
Everyone is different and has different boundaries, you will piss off or get taken advantage of by a lot of people if you live by this. Just don't be an asshole and don't be afraid to ask if you're unsure of something. "Don't go to bed angry."  Shit, get some sleep and see if you are even still pissed off in the morning "You should be passionate about your work."

Yeah, there's some truth to that, but it's not black-and-white. A lot of people are passionate in things that would most likely lead to failure if you tried to pursue it as a career.

The reason why I hate this in particular though is because I had one guy in /r/cscareerquestions who was trying way too hard to talk me out of getting into programming. I had asked "what field of programming is generally the most laid back" or something like that, and he took offense to it. He claimed he was giving me the "dutch uncle" approach to life advice, but I was 25 years old at the time with a horrible job, so I knew he was full of shit. He undoubtedly has convinced a few 18 year olds to pursue careers in art though, since they wouldn't be willing to work 80 hour weeks in his startup. 'Keep your friends close and your enemies closer' maybe in the business environment or during war yeah, but day to day living, no. Stay away from negative people that you consider your enemy. This might be controversial, but telling people to stay within their comfort zone so that they can feel safe and be happy. I'm a huge advocate on personal development, and i believe that the only way to develop on an individual level is to put yourself out of your comfort zone, to achieve new experiences that teach you many lessons. Do what you love. 

I tried engineering, failed, said screw it and did English cause I love to read. Completely useless major. Balance what you love with something somewhat practical that you don't hate. Follow your dreams - What if your dream is actually really really shitty? Moderation in all things. All things? How about running into traffic with your eyes closed? How about robbing liquor stores? How about heroin? Be yourself. This was a big mantra back in high school. If you don't conform to society somewhat, you have no job, security, friends. "Lightening doesn't hit the same place twice." FALSE IT DOES AND WILL GET HIT! Source: Physics 2 "Going into Vietnam will help, trust me." Ignoring bullies hoping they'll leave you alone. You just become an easier target. Telling kids to go to university and get into debt for life, when the kid doesn't have a particular career path they want to follow that needs a degree (like doctor, lawyer whatever) and they are going to study something like media studies or philosophy, just purely for the sake of going to university. "Debt is a tool." Invest in stocks and bonds.

NO.  Read the research. BUY and INDEX FUND like the S&P 500.  It is diversified and PROVEN to beat all stock or managed mutual fund investments over your investing horizon. "Just be yourself." It doesn't quite mean what you think it means. Get a credit card to build up credit history. Just be yourself.. Just be yourself.
Depends who you are really. Good things come to those who wait... or you know get the fuck out there and earn the good things. Gradeaundera said it best. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbRQ-PGQeQ4 Find a job you enjoy doing.

First find a job, any job. Then move on to a job that pays better and you like it more, but don't quit the one you have til something better comes along. Then as you gain a grasp on what you enjoy, have a knack for and can get paid well for(while still feeding and housing yourself).....move on to that. Necessity job, practical job, dream job maybe. In that order. Avoid debt and pay cash for everything. 

Solid logic but in some cases it's just not feasible. Don't go into debt if you are irresponsible. "You should really talk out your problems-- it's okay; I'm here to listen . . ."

Actually, no. Some problems actually need the ear of a trained therapist. Sometimes your friends mean well, but they don't have the necessary training. Literally everything.  Every piece of advice I see or someone gives me can be contradicted. Honesty is the best policy. Haha NO NO NO. I am planning to judiciously make MUCH more frequent use of lies in my social interactions. 

I'm a complex, abstract person. Trying to have honest discourse with others rarely works out in my favor. "Vote leave" yolo home ownership is great for everyone!

mortgage, all the repair work, all the yard work. you have your first job to pay the mortgage, and work your 2nd job to repair the house that the mortgage covers. Shoot for the moon and if you miss you'll land among the stars.

You may end up a starving musician flipping burgers in LA. Which is technically "among the stars", but definitely not the image that comes to mind. Just be yourself.  
Frankly if being yourself was good enough the person being given the advice wouldn't need advice in the first place. "Always speak your mind" oh wait, DON'T because you're a douche Don't go to bed angry with your spouse. 

I have found it is much better to sleep off an argument while letting things cool down overnight. You and your spouse have time to reflect on each other's viewpoints, and to become less mad at one another. Speak your mind.

Actually, don't. If you're in an argument, even worse. Make sure you have a really good filter between your brain and your mouth. There's no sense saying exactly what you think if you're really upset, because you probably have some distorted thoughts in the heat of the moment. Even if not, you don't want to make things worse... unless you do. 

If you're telling someone off and leaving them, maybe you can ease up on the filter a bit. "Follow your passion"

Poetic yet misguided.  A better one is "Follow your talent" or "Follow your interests".  Do what you're good at.  

But passion?  First of all - that's a lot to ask a young person.  They're trying to figure out who they are, what the world is, how it works, what is out there.  They haven't all figured out what their passion is - let alone whether they have a passion at all.  Hell a lot of old people never had a passion and that is not a failure.  You don't need passion.  

Just follow where your skills seem to be superior and apply a strong work ethic to that set of skills.  This should land you a job that uses some of those skills. Work hard and you'll get ahead. Go to school, Get a job, and then start dating/have relationships. Any unsolicited advice.  Parenting, relationship, job, whatever.  Your parents get a little bit of a pass because that's their job for a while, but everyone else is essentially telling you what they would do in that situation to make them feel more qualified/justified for their potential/actual actions in those situations. "Break a leg".  
Ok yeah I'll do my best but why do you want me to break my leg? Got a cousin who's a total shithead. Annoying, provocative, stubborn, argumentative and generally unlikable. I remember when we were younger, my aunt and uncle always told him to "Just be yourself, don't let anyone else change you or tell you what to do." Good advice, sometimes, but last I heard he was sat at the sub-basement level of some IT central where nobody has to deal with him ever. Sort of like that "Here is where we're gonna put one of your boxes." scenes from Silicon Valley. Take every day as it comes. No! Plan ahead. Set goals. Otherwise you won't accomplish anything. Don't wait until you can afford kids to have them, because then you'll never have any. 

Well, if I can't afford them, then I shouldn't be having them. "Just be yourself." "Brush your teeth before you eat your meal."

I guess the thought process behind this was, you want your mouth to be clean when you eat food? But in reality, you should be brushing after you eat your meal. Shoot for the stars... If you make it you'll burn to a crisp. That some how,  after a breakup. "hitting the gym"  is this magic cure all that's some how going to get your life and emotions back on track. 

Some people have no interest in that stuff, and telling them to do it just to do it doesn't help them. 

"go do something you have no interest in doing because it makes ME feel good about ME therefore it will do that to you too! " consider each side of an argument equally...sometimes they are not equal, and doing so gives credence or credibility to something that deserves neither I despise when people say, "You have to stand for something, or you'll fall for anything."  Country singer Aaron Tippin had a song about it, Mellencamp too if I remember correctly.  Ultimately everything is drama/illusion.  You don't have to stand for anything.  If you need a crusade so badly - stand for Human Rights. "NEVER get a credit card"

Thanks Mom and Dad. "Never settle."

Sometimes it's prudent to settle for less than you're after, to accept what is available because you'll never have everything. You wanted a 3000 square foot house in the nicest neighborhood in town and a pool? You can keep holding out for that and be disappointed forever, or you can prioritize what's REALLY important and learn to live with not getting everything you want.

No one in life gets everything they want. Even billionaires have ambitions they fail to reach. If you focus too much on your goals and not enough on what you have, you'll be unhappy. I was watching a TV show the other day and one of the characters said something like "I like you just the way you are.  Never change."

WAT. 

That's HORRIBLE advice.  Never change??  How are you going to improve yourself if you never change?  I'm okay with the "I like you just the way you are" part, but that carries with it the implication that they will *continue* to like you, even if you change. "Good things come to those who wait"
No they don't.
Good things come to those who work hard & try their best "Be yourself." It's a mindset that can reward complacency, compliment mediocrity, and generally numb you, depriving you of the motivation/tough love/insight/self-regard you might need to challenge yourself to become a better human. "If He/She loves you, they will accept you exactly as you are." (And not make or encourage you to change in any way)
I spent way too much time trying to live by this shit. If your partner REALLY loves you, it will be important to them that you grow and change, making strides to better yourself as a person. A good partner accepts who you are while also expecting thats not who you always will be. "Be yourself" - when am I ever not being myself? Sometimes I AM the awkward person, sometimes I am the confident person. I am myself all the time, it's the only thing I can never not be.... Just ignore them and it will go away Never stick your dick in crazy. "Be sure to eat lots of meat to get your protein!" 
There are far healthier ways to get your protein, and most Americans consume way more protein than they need. "Just be yourself." Some peoples' real selves are really shitty. "Follow your heart"/"go with your gut"  

Sometimes desire and intuition is wrong and stupid. Sometimes it actually makes sense to think about something, and make the intelligent choice. "Always be yourself" sometimes you have to pretend to be interested in things in order to get further in your career or join in conversations with new people "Just be yourself". Well shit, that would make sense if myself was someone I'd want to be. Best way to make friends is to just listen and not talk because people love talking about themselves.

I've met my share of people who only like to talk about themselves and I find their self-centeredness incredibly irritating, but phrasing it like that just makes you some self-sacrificial chump trying to play his cards right to get someone to want to talk to you. Seriously, if you're not enjoying it, why would you even want to have that friend to begin with?

A better advice to try to entice others to listen and not just talk about themselves is to remind them that everyone has their own unique experiences and perspectives of this world that can totally change the way you see things. Be yourself.

If I did that I'd be a horrible person that parents tell their kids about so they don't become like me D: Follow your dreams and do what you love.  Wrong!  Find a job or career that pays the bills and if you have energy and time left over, go do what you love. "Happiness is a choice". I know attitude is important, but that's a load of garbage. Human emotions don't work that way. People get depressed for a million and one reasons, many of which are completely beyond their control. Someone with depression or experiencing a terrible illness isn't going to be able to just suddenly put all that out of their mind and enjoy themselves.


TL;DR: If it were that simple, nobody would ever be unhappy. "Just be yourself!" Before a exam or job interview: "Don't stress!" or "Don't worry about it!" or "You need to calm down! It's not like you'll die if you fail!" Yes, generally, it's better to be relaxed, but some stress is good! Stress keeps me on my toes, keeps me ready for the worst possible outcome, so if anything slightly better happens, it seems like the best possible outcome. It's honestly infuriating when someone tells me to "stop stressing and enjoy life more!" Advice, it?s said, is worth what you pay for it. That goes double for free advice. "always be yourself" never go ass to mouth Get married asap Go talk to her, she's definitely into you Half the stuff on /r/LifeProTips. The *real* tip is always in the comments. Vote Brexit for a stronger and more stable Britain. Leave the EU "You can do anything if you put your mind to it."

You literally can't (see undecidable problems). 90% of pro life tips. Kill them with kindness.
Or
Nothing can be solved with sex. 
I humbly disagree with both statements. If I'm gonna kill, I'm prob too angry to use kindness. And I wholeheartedly believe that EVERYTHING/any problem can be solved w/sex. Just as long as it's good to great sex! Everything from r/LPT Yolo. "Plastics." Follow your passion. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVEuPmVAb8o Do what you love and the money will follow. Tbh, I think the opposite is more true. People pay good money for people to do shit they can't and/or don't want to do. Actuaries, proctologists, patent attorneys, investment bankers come to mind. ITT:  people taking general advise that obviously doesn't fit every situation are upset that it doesn't fit every situation. "Follow your dreams"

Bad advice; Follow opportunity instead. "Save your virginity for someone you love."

Nah, just get it over with and start **safely** enjoying one of life's great pleasures as soon as you can. Be Yourself - it is just a comforting word College is not how you become successful in life. Get a job. You're beautiful no matter/you're perfect the way you are

Total bs. Most advice tends to be situational so most good advice can be bad advice too. Just be yourself. Never ever. "Let hot food cool down before you put it into the fridge or it will be ruined"

Big with latino families but:

No. Leaving food out leaves it prone to bacteria growth. As it cools putting it in the fridge, even hot, will not ruin it. Just "choose joy" >You only live once

We all hate YOLO. It made me cringe just saying it. "Listen to your heart."

My heart tells me to eat a pint of ice cream for breakfast, internet stalk my exes, and get shit-faced drunk every night. My heart is wrong, use your head. buy a house "Follow your heart", because your heart can be a dumbass sometimes I always heard that you should always keep a balance on your credit card to help your credit. Turns out those people are just throwing away money.

Just use your credit card for everything, build up them sweet rewards, and pay off the balance for each in full each month. That way you get rewards, higher credit rating, and pay no interest! Job hunt advice.

Having studied and worked in personnel selection from all sides of the table, it's mind-boggling how much speculation and myths there are  when it comes to getting a job/hiring. Almost all of the "tips and tricks" are rooted in selection bias, cherry-picked to artificially inflate their effectiveness. At best, these advice are contradictory when addressing the same issue. 

They confuse job seekers more, make my job all the more difficult, and worst of all, there are those who make money off regurgitating outdated ideas all in the name of "helping" job seekers. Pick the job with the higher wage.

Sorry, i dont want to hate my life for an extra 10k a year. "Sometimes you have to hit rock bottom."

Sometimes "rock bottom" is the grave. By the looks of things "Vote leave" was a really fucking bad idea for, well, everyone. Successful people will tell you that adversity made them stronger.  There are tons of unsuccessful people who were made weaker by adversity. It's less advice than it is a motto:  

"If it's important to you, you'll make time for it."   

We are all going to die. This means my time is limited. There are some things that are important to me that I simply will not be able to make time for (truer while I'm dead than while I'm alive). 

It's really made me appreciate the quote: "A friend to all is a friend to none." Or, the Ron Swanson version, "Don't half-ass two things. Full-ass one thing." "Dance like no one is watching"

Good god no. "You only have to pay $1 to get into almost any museum in New York" 

No... chances are if you are vacationing in New York City, you can afford the $24 ticket, don't be a cheapskate. "Stay Humble"

Don't do that, claim your achievements for christsake. "Your job is just what you do to pay for your real passions."

"Your job is what you do, not who you are."

Etc... Well, unfortunately, if you're working 40 hours a week it's a big part of who you are, and if you aren't passionate about it you're probably doing a mediocre job for the largest chunk of your waking hours.

I followed this advice into a career that paid well, that I liked all right, but I wasn't passionate about. Four years later I hated waking up 5 days of the week. I had a sense of dread on Sunday evenings because I hated going back to work. That's no way to live. I finally quit and started doing something I felt more strongly about but which pays less, and I'm immensely happier. And since I'm not an idiot with money and don't demand to have a bunch of expensive stuff, I'm still doing well financially.

Different strokes, though. Some people might be happy doing something they don't care about. But the above advice should not be taken as anything approaching absolute truth. "Just be yourself" "Never go to bed angry at your spouse"

Sometimes the best thing to do is take some time to see what's really bothering you. You could wake up the next morning thinking "why was I mad". Happens to me all the time. Save 10% of your income.

No, you should be saving as much as possible. Personal Finance is not that simple. "Follow your passion/bliss."

This is without a doubt the single worst meme of my generation. The things we do for work are by definition the things that benefit ourselves as well as other people. There is no guarantee that the thing you're passionate about is of any benefit to anyone other than yourself. This isn't charming or whimsical, it's selfish.

Do what is satisfying for yourself and others. Some days will be good and some will be bad. Learning to rebound from the bad days will be far more useful than doing your hobby full-time. "Do what you love, and you'll never work another day in your life"

No, you just turned your hobby into work. Now you're still working and lost an hobby. "Life's short!"

It's fucking not. Life (unless I'm wrong about what may/may not come after death) is literally the longest thing you will experience. You can travel and all that shit WHILE building a career and home life for yourself. My mom used to take me everywhere when I was growing up, and she's been a nurse for 25+ years.

Granted, I understand not everything pays well, but you can fucking travel, live some ridiculous YOLO life, while having a stable home life as well. It's not that fucking hard. Vote to leave the EU, it'll be fine really guys. /s "Everything happens for a reason."

False. Sometime life just fucking kicks you in the genitals because it thinks it's funny. Sometimes things are going to happen that will make you want to lay in the fetal position in the dark and stare at a candle, or move to the fucking Bangkok and try your hand at black market gambling. Life can suck just as much as it can kick ass, but that doesn't mean you deserve it or there's some master plan afoot. Make something of it yourself otherwise fate will forget about you. The ol' "just pull out" trick. Every piece of advice in this thread can be good or bad depending on context. It's all about what situation you're in. 

"If you have patience and let it work itself out, everything will be all right in the end." 

Your prom date ditched you? Great advice.

Your baby's on fire? Not great advice. 

Context people. *"Family is Forever"*/*"Blood is Thicker than Water"*

Absolutely not. If you have a terrific and supportive yet non-enabling family, then that's wonderful and you would be wise to hold onto them. If, on the other hand, your family is hurtful and toxic to your well-being, you're better off striking out on your own. I think of it like this: *If you met a stranger with the characteristics of your family, for better or worse, would you let that person become a permanent part of your life?* "Trust your gut instinct." - No. Your gut instinct reflects what passed as reasonable to a humanoid ape on the African Savannah 2 million years ago. It's shockingly often wrong in modern situations. Trust your brain is way better advice. Never change,  you're awesome and the right girl will come around when you aren't looking for it I hate how we're teaching our children that they're special snowflakes.  It's time to teach our children that they are just a tiny piece of a larger puzzle. "Buy a house." "Drop people who bring you down"

No, drop people if they are genuinely mean/dangerous/exploitative. But don't drop a friend who is going through a rough patch or dealing with serious issues even though they are making you feel sad/unhappy too. 

I, and several friends/family have had some heavy stuff happening where we couldn't be cheerful, supportive, or it was really hard not to be negative or combative. That's when you need friends and support the most. As an IT guy, "Go out of your way to help your users."

No. Never do this. They will take advantage of you at every chance they can. Do exactly as needed, nothing more. Play video games when you're bored. Actually video game is toxic to lifestyle. "Fuck what others think" Anything a salesman says.

"We can offer you a great loan so you can buy this car"

Go to the bank and see what they will offer or if you can, make "car payments" to yourself so that you get the interest on the money and then buy cars in cash. "All couples fight, it's okay, it's normal! Wow. You guys don't fight? That's not good..."

Uh, yeah. It is good if we are able to communicate properly. Putting money into a 529 College Savings Plan, unless you are wealthy and will not get financial aid, a grandparent reducing your estate, or have a 15-20 year time horizon and generate significant gains.  Otherwise, most middle class and lower income people may actually lessen the financial aid available. "Invest" in stocks "It's a good idea to take out a loan to go to college if you have too." As a now 30-year old, I can tell you that this is absolutely deadly advice for some people. Worked out for me and I can pay back my student loans, but lets face facts. College isn't for everyone and that's totally fine. Folks can make a great living in the trades or in other ways. When I was looking for schools I was told up and down that college debt was "good debt." There's just no such thing. while not exactly advice its used in lieu of advice sometimes.

"Sometimes things happen for a reason" I think people use it to learn acceptance or something.

Sometimes the reason is you have poor decision making skills and are overly impulsive. "when you give your speech, imagine everyone is naked" .... If you're a nymphomaniac. "love conquers all". I cannot stand this notion in relationships. Yeah we could love each other a ton, but if I'm not being treated well either you fix it or I'm out.  Love doesn't give a free pass to not try because you think it will work out just because you love someone. "go to college"

If you don't know what to do with your life skip the debt Live like there is no tomorrow.

Look buddy, I gotta go to work and mortgage is due on the 8th. "Sell yourself."

Sounds more like "become a used car salesman, lie and do whatever else you gotta do to trick people into paying as much as they can, and then give yourself, mind body and soul, to the highest bidder." No, I'm going to find a job that I fit into, not shove myself into one. 95% of r/relarionships Live like there's no tomorrow.

Problem is, there's almost always tomorrow. And if you're not ready for it, it's gonna suck! >"It's never to late to..."

This just commends procrastination. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. This is very subjective and can be terrible advice for some. "Better to die on your feet than live on your knees."

Fuck that.  Living on your knees gives you the chance to stand up later.  Dying is dying, no standing up from that. "if it ain't broke , don't fix it"

Innovation doesn't work this way "Just do the best you can." 

We discussed this as a motivational technique in my organizational behaviors class once. It actually puts a lot of pressure on a person. It's unrealistic for someone to be at their best all the time. You don't have the capacity emotionally, mentally, or physically perform at 100% (which is your "best"). 

This phrase is largely proven ineffective as a motivational technique to boost individual or team performance. 

Source: my college memory (Degree in Management concentrating in Leadership and Organizational Behavior) Everything happens for a reason...

NO! Sometimes shit just happens, there is no master plan. (and even if there is, FUCK it) The whole "what is success" talk. As if success is defined by what other thinks and not what you want.  

Numerous times, I feel as if people do things, not because they personally want it, but because these are the things the society deem to be successful, so you need to have it too in order to feel satisfied about yourself.  

Like, if you choose for the simple life, it's not because you want it, it's because you're not capable of achieving an extravagant life. If you choose to stay single, it couldn't possible be a choice of your own, it is your lack of "skills" in "the game".  

People need to stop defining what success is and strive for it, instead of pursuing personal happiness. "Don't look directly into the sun"

It's really a beautiful sight Student loan debt is good debt Stretch. Quitting cigarettes/nicotine cold turkey if you're a real smoker. 

Don't do it. And plan your quitting with your physician. Live while you're young and don't worry, everything will turn out fine.


Coming up on my mid thirties having finally gone back to school I feel hopelessly behind. I enjoyed my youth probably too much and never planned. It's biting me in the ass now. It's better to beg forgiveness than ask permission "Don't bring glass to the beach." Really? Then how will future generations get beach glass? Will all future mosaics and small artsy windows be made out of sadness?! Follow your heart

Sometimes that shit really gets you in trouble Delete facebook, hit the gym, lawyer up "Fake it until you make it" is rubbish advice when given to people with confidence issues. Yeah, fake being someone you're not will really help you become comfortable with who you actually are. It's illogical. 

Confidence is a skill and as it's a skill, it can be learnt by anyone, just like the guitar, juggling, drawing, driving etc. When someone's learning the guitar, you don't tell them to fake it until they make it. Nor with driving. Or anything. Learning a skill requires a strong understanding of the basics. Practice one thing at a time. Focus on eye contact during conversation. Don't look away. Hold eye contact. Then when that's second nature and you're comfortable, work on your posture. Then tone of voice etc. It may take a couple of months, maybe a year or more. But it will make you fully confident. If you fake a skill, anyone with half a brain can tell you're faking it. Pouring salt on red wine stains. It doesn't remove shit and only makes a pink mushy mess in addition to your stain. "Keep a credit card handy for a rainy day." 

No, weather the storm with *cash* that you've set aside for a rainy day. Emergency funds are typically needed for larger-scale events: medical bills, auto collisions, etc., and you don't want to pay for them using something that will incur interest. when in doubt abstain That "love is a decision you make every day" or that every relationship is worth saving, especially if it's a marriage or involves kids. 

Just no. Love is absolutely *not* a fucking decision. This is just a justification for staying in an unfulfilling relationship because you're too scared or lazy to get out. These articles constantly make the rounds on facebook, and the only people I see posting them are people I know for a fact are in unhappy relationships. It makes them feel better about their situation, and worse, it makes them feel *superior*, like they're engaging in some sort of epic sacrifice for the greater good. These same people get really upset if you don't want to play by their rules because you're destabilizing their whole worldview.

I cannot decide to love my husband. I could decide to stay with him even if I didn't love him, but I cannot decide to love him. I was previously married to a man I grew up with, we were romantically together for 10 years. I never, ever loved him. That's not true - I was never *in* love with him. I was never attracted to him, I never felt the things you are supposed to feel when you're in love. I dismissed it as unimportant, just superficial nonsense in the face of our 'true' relationship. Articles like those I mentioned earlier made me feel secure and yes, superior - we didn't need that stuff, we were somehow above it. Except that eventually that wasn't enough for me. I got older and I realized that it was bullshit, that we both deserved a chance at real, true love and happiness. I sacrificed a whole network of relationships with people I had loved since I was a small child because what we were doing wasn't right and it wasn't honest. It was hard and it was scary, but now I am in a real relationship with someone I am absolutely, insanely in love with and who feels the exact same way about me. Looking back, I can see how hollow it was, how much was missing. It actually makes me feel sick when I think about being with him. So don't listen to this crap that people like to tell you about 'real' relationships being difficult, about 'making decisions' about emotions, and about 'sticking it out' at all costs. Find the right person for you and I promise that it won't be hard to be with them. If you're not happy or you don't feel the way you want to or think you should, just leave. Find happiness. Just be yourself. If you're a douchebag or a turd sandwich don't be yourself. That we should sleep eight hours every night and eat three meals a day. "Just be happy", "Think positively" or my favorite "Never give up" Well thanks for telling me that I guess Im just gonna flick a switch and be all better now HAHAHA "Follow your dreams!"

That shit usually lands you a job at Starbucks. Be yourself I saw on a marquee the other day something along the lines of "Happy people don't plan actions, they plan results". That's how inferiority complexes are born. You plan what you're doing and hope for the best outcome, you can't plan for the best outcome because doing so will leave you disappointed more often than not. "Be yourself." The only iPhone cable I broke was one that I used the "put a spring on it" lifehack on. It was actually the spring damaging the cable.

I cannot recommend putting a spring on your cable. Be yourself.

If you suck, don't be yourself. Fix yourself rather. Well most Actual Advice Mallards are more passive agressive means of expressing personal distastes for common social trends so I wouldn't take those to heart. If you see something say something.

Creates a 1984 like culture of paranoid tattletales. Follow your dreams Don't have sex until marriage. "Just be yourself." Sure, that sounds logical, but what if yourself is crappy? What if yourself makes terrible decisions that make your life worse than it could be? How about work on being the best yourself you can be? I'm all for staying true to your ideals and knowing who you are, but you have to be willing to examine that stuff and adapt. And a lot of people who say this are really just saying "Don't ever grow or improve yourself." Eat a low fat diet. Don't have sex on a first date Never give up.  Sometimes you should give up. "Money doesn't buy happiness" This phrase is what poor people say to make themselves feel better. Advice I was given: buy furniture on credit so you'll get a better mortgage rate. Not getting a credit card. Don't you want to be able to buy a car or a house one day? Follow your passion. 

Listen. Passion does not equal ability. Obviously we all want to do what we love, but a lot of people's passions are no way to make a living. Learn a skill that is useful to the world. I guarantee if you take your time and become really good at it, you will enjoy it. I before E except after C. There's an old proverb that goes something like:

"Light a man a fire and he'll be warm for a day.

Light a man *on* fire and he'll be warm for the rest of his life." "Just be yourself bro". Waiting too long to have kids. Just be yourself Someone else has it much worse than you.

One of my favorite quotes: 
?Saying someone can't be sad because someone else may have it worse is like saying someone can't be happy because someone else may have it better." "Friends come and go, you'll make new ones" my mother when she moved to Spain and left me and my bro, seperated, back home. 12years later, no friends from school, my brother is 200miles away, and we hardly speak. I used to say the ole' "anything worth doing is worth doing." Now I go by "work smart, not hard." "When in doubt, don't pull out."*

*Good for driving, bad for other things. Try everything once/You won't know you don't like it unless you try it. 

I've never eaten a bowl of live scorpions,  but I'm pretty sure I wouldn't like the experience. Go to Human Resources. They're there to help you. Hit the Facebook, Gym up, Delete Lawyer. "Stretch your wallet and buy as much house as you can afford."

There was a lot of this going around circa 2005 when I bought my house. Thankfully, it sounded like bad advice to me at the time, so I ignored it and bought what I thought worked best for my needs and was well within my budget. I'm still in that house and was while everything was foreclosing around me.

I guess it is more commonly recognized as shitty advice now, but it was prevalent before the bubble burst. No Regrets. 

lol! Um, from my experience everyone should regret a few things they did. The lack of regret means a lack of conscience. I think telling people to "have no regrets" is misleading. It should be something more like "Don't miss out on the great and fun things in life due to fear, don't regret not doing more" instead of "No regrets".

I instantly am weary of anyone who says they have no regrets in life. Aim for the bushes.... If you love something, let it go. Sting encouraged some pretty destructive behavior with that one. I don't know if this was said in here or not but, I've read stories about friends/relatives/therapists suggesting to people that have gone through a difficult break up to write a letter to the other person saying how they feel.

I cannot stress enough to absolutely not do this.  I was never given this advice, but went ahead and did it anyway (twice actually).  And it has never worked in my favour.  You just come off as crazy.  You're not in the right state of mind to be telling the other person those mixed up and deranged thoughts you experience after the break up.  Just let sleeping dogs lie.  I wish I never sent those letters. "Be yourself". This encourages laziness in social interactions and an excuse not to better oneself. Keep your chin up. Heads up "Just be yourself"

No Dad, I'm asking about girls because "being myself" isn't working. "Do or do not, there is no try." - Yoda 

Actually, there is a "try." This statement always seem too absolute for me, trying and failing is a healthy process. In a way, trying and failing is doing. "Get your degree in the field that you are most interested in!"  
  
I'm a huge fan of philosophy and psychology, but I majored in engineering. If you don't study something technical, you're pretty much wasting your time. That you should stay at a job for at least 5 years and no less than 3 years in order to show consistency and work ethic. This is horrible advice for most people. The easiest way to get raises and move up is to move from job to job, or at the very least to get new job offers and leverage the for more pay at your current job. If you do 69 and the girl on top breathe through your mouth not your nose. If you breathe through your nose you will have an unpleasant suprise. Always be honest with people.

Sometimes the truth hurts. Go to school get a degree get a job blah blah blah, NO, do whatever you want. "Find someone who needs you."

Don't do that. That's called co-dependency, and it's not healthy. "Be yourself" is a good way to be killed in both middle school and prison. Do what you love.

That's a nice sentiment, but it only works for a lucky few. A friend of mine loves playing the guitar. He's in a band. A couple of bands, actually. He plays 3-4 nights a week and has a great time. He could be a full time musician, but he also likes being able to eat, pay his mortgage, and get a new car. So he has a job that lets him pursue his dreams on the side.

Even *that's* not an option for everyone, but I see and hear about a lot of people who say that their job isn't fulfilling and I wonder why they think it needs to be. Yeah, it's bad if you actively *hate* your job, but there's nothing wrong with it being something you do to pay the bills.

I like being a computer programmer, but at this point it's more of a "pay the bills" kind of thing. I'm married with a couple of kids and I'm past the stage where I give a crap if my job "inspires" me. Toilet training inspires me. Teaching thing one to read inspires me. Getting 8 hours of sleep a night and running a few days a week inspires me. Work is just work. Dump them.

Relationships have ups and downs, and take work no matter what. Do what you love. Now I hate the two things that used to be my passion because I worked in those shitty businesses. Monitor your credit score.

Nope, just act responsibly and the credit score will follow. Most of Christianity. that using a stop is a good when youre trading There's more to life than money. "Always be persistent" Sometimes knowing when to back off is far more important than knowing when to apply more pressure. Be yourself. Don't date co-workers. "Always put yourself first"

Like yeah obviously self-care is important, but some people take this to the extreme and use this as an excuse to be a selfish twat. 

I had one 'friend' who was v spoilt and 'fragile' and had obviously had this drilled into her throughout her life, but things would have been so much better for herself and everyone around her if she just cared about other peoples well-being as much as her own. "A happy wife is a happy life"

After the birth of our daughter the OB-GYN said "Happy wife equal happy life". It became the mantra for our new little family and I bought into it completely. Sold my soul to be the provider and husband and basically forgot myself. Fast forward fifteen years and (a little mid life crisis maybe but whatever) and I look at myself in the mirror and hated the overweight middle aged dude who used to be so much more. I started exercising more and getting back to hobbies I loved (cycling, paddling etc...). Eventually I came back to that same fun guy she married but not before we had troubles in our relationship. Breaking her of that "Happy wife-Happy life mantra" was difficult for her and I. With some good counseling we were able to find ourselves again and we are both better for it but not before looking over the cliff and about to jump off. 
It has helped her too. She values herself more and is proud to have the relationship we currently have. In counseling the "Happy wife - happy life" thing came up and she completely agreed that it was perhaps not the right tone for our relationship. Now it's happy couple equals happy life. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
Why would I want to keep my enemy closer than my friend? *Boy is asshole to girl*
Mom: "oh, he's only doing that because he likes you."
Girl: internalizes this as abuse = love.

Like WTF? No, he's acting that way because he's a dick. Don't put up with that crap. Buying a house is one your most important investments. Quite simple, if takes money out of your pocket every month it's not an investment. If you buy a house to rent it and it puts money in your pocket then that's an investment. Keep your resume to one page.

This is about 25 year old advice. To create a keyword optimized resume that lists your work history and accomplishments, schooling and professional associations properly, unless you've only had 1-2 jobs, you're going to need another page. Settling down and getting married.

Worst thing you can do to yourself and your life. Work on you. You're #1. You don't need to get married. It serves no purpose for a man. "You don't need to lose any weight."
Only about 10% of the time, the person saying this is super skinny. In that 10%, yes it's good advice. But when the person is any amount of overweight, and they WANT TO lose weight to feel better, stop telling them not to. Let them do what will make them happier. Leave the EU "Don't spend more money than you make."

So how do you propose I buy a car and/or property? TIL - Don't ever fucking get married The current "wisdom" that memorizing anything is bad for learning and will inhibit your ability to "problem solve" and think creatively. anything on /r/LifeProTips If you were going to build a League of Extraordinary Gentlemen from Literary Heroes from the last 20 years, who would your team consist of?  L from Death Note would be on there - Harry Dresden (Screw Harry Potter, Dresden could kick his ass any day)
- Sterling Archer
- Hellboy
- Blue Beetle (Jaime Reyes)
- Miles Morales
- L from Death Note

I tried to use characters that were actually created in the last 20 years and are set in modern times. WAIT!

Do comic book characters count as literary heroes? [Serious]Whats the weirdest thing you have seen given gold or you have given gold to?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Talking to someone about Japanese anal eel porn, I honestly didn't think it was a thing. paging /u/pepsi_next 



^ received only 2 upvotes What tips do you have for someone living out of state for the first time?  Budget. Budget. Budget. Learn your state laws. If it's not essential, don't spend money on it.  Get yourself established, build a savings, then worry about luxury items. Have you ever actually done anything with your "celebrity free pass," or gotten close? What happened/how did your SO react?  I call bullshit on anyone who says yes...

Just sayin [Serious]What are some fun things to do on a date besides just going out to eat?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Putt-Putt golf.

Shoot Pool.

Go to Beach. Planetarium. Galleries. Science museum. Beach. Hiking. Board games. 

This unintentionally doubles as a list for what to do when looking after kids. Go to the zoo! It's fun, you're outside, you can see cool/cute animals, and maybe even learn something. Plus, you can usually bring your own food and have a picnic at most zoos. Back in college my friends and I would get group dates together and go to late night rock and laser shows at our local planetarium, it was like $5/person. The girls loved it, it was a good change from the norm. If you're near St. Louis, check out the City Museum! It's like a giant jungle gym/maze/exploration area for adults.  So much fun! Hiking. Where I grew up, there were a lot of old trails running through the woods. Some of my favorite memories we're taking a date through the woods looking for arrowheads or mushrooms, or whatever. I'd take a backpack with some drinks, snacks, and a blanket. Always a good time.


I think the best dates are the ones that aren't really "dates", just you doing what you like to do, with company. Have a quickie in a chik-fil-a bathroom. I think a comedy show is always great, just make sure is not super long and they are actually good. Or maybe try a place like Dave and Busters, where you can eat, drink, play the games and still have a good conversation. Honestly, keep things simple and lighthearted. Don't spend too much money on a first date because you don't know if it's going to work out and you don't want to break the bank for someone that isn't worthy. If you know about common interests museums about that can be really great for conversations. Go to a rock climbing gym. * Built a fort.
* Cook/bake something.
* Go to the zoo/an aquarium.
* Have a backwards date.
* With a camera and a pair of boots, make a photolog of a day in the life of the invisible man.
* Go for a drive. You can only make right-hand turns. When you finally get stuck, turn around and then you can only make left-hand turns. Repeat until you find something interesting. Take pictures along the way.
* Take a class together.


Anything. As long as you guys are together it should be fun! ;) Movie, a play, minor league sports game (hockey, baseball, basketball depending on interest)
Great for people that don't talk much Sex is probably #1. after that movies, go karts, or Something Something that you can talk and laugh about and have fun while also getting no to know the person. Something active like biking, hiking, walking around someplace or a sport you both have in common. Something fun and light. Plenty of good examples so far.

Jet ski, bungee jumping, grab coffee, people watch and guess everyone's story, find something on meetup.com, cooking classes, street fairs, theme parks, bowling, painting classes, picnic. Walk through a park/country side and a chat Bring a frisbee, find a park, and just throw it around while you talk. It takes away the awkwardness of sitting there trying to make conversation, and gives you something fun to do. Hahaha yeah they convey the necessary message.. I've been on a non cliche date and it back fired Dueling piano bars are really fun. Anything where you have something to do that doesn't bar conversation. Museum, zoo, park, most cities have some sort of music or whatever in a park... Arcades are awesome Museums, go karts, walk/picnic in a park. i like go kart racing. always fun to mash around the track. its a short time racing and you often spend a decent amount of time talking about it. just dont brag too much about winning lol. A coffee walk is my fav date. nature walk/ hike Drive out of the city to someplace you can see the Milky Way and stargaze. Bonus if it is during a meteor shower. I'm the king of dates so I've done all kinds of fun stuff over the years.

* Painting With a Twist. Basically you go paint and drink wine in a group setting. Lots of fun.
* Went to walk around the lake after a nice rain/snow.
* Laser tag and a few drinks is uber fun. On Mondays they have unlimited pool, bowling, and laser tag at Main Event for $20!
* The Dallas Museum of Art hosts a monthly event called "Late Nights Party" which is exactly what it sounds like. They have live music, wine, and interactive exhibits, all for free. Sometimes they do a murder mystery party there as well.
* Going to the aquarium
* Going to the planetarium
* Playing disc golf
* Mini golf
* Going to the symphony
* doing a picnic
* Take a motorcycle ride in the evening
* Wine vineyard tours
* Do a volunteer event together cart-racing, or go-kart. Good fun Visit a thrift shop or a Goodwill. Easy way to learn what your SO is into and appreciates. How's that new reddit front page, right scrubbing algorithm working out for everyone?  How's everyone burgers back there? Got enough pickles? That's how Fatso Burger does it, lotsa pickles. Yes yes. If you could change something about your favorite video game, what would it be?  Longer, much longer, just more story and more content. The fact that it's over. KOTOR 2:  A story that actually makes sense. Gears of War.  
  
I'd change the consistency of the Gnasher. It's ridiculous. I would make movement in battlefield bad company 2 more fluid. Rip out the underwater section in Dino Crisis 2 and change it into another level similar to the T-Rex tank encounter. I would change the fact that I've waited 12 years for Kingdom Hearts 3. Fuck, Dream Drop Distance is basically KH 3. Give me KH 4. In what scenario could your worst trait end up saving your life?  The next massive plague turns out to be an STD. I guess if there was some kind of Uni assignment where anyone who started more than twelve hours before it was due would be executed or something? 

Procrastination isn't very helpful, I'm afraid. I sneeze *a lot*. So I guess if a swarming, choking hazard, type of dust like anthrax or eboli was to be floating around me, I could accidently clear a path right through ground zero. All the while my fellow comrades notice the clearing in front of me and proceed to blow air into anus to refill my lungs. We would all make it out alive, some happier than others, but a tighter knit squad nonetheless. We would then fold this memory up, and tuck back into the file labeled "don't forget about me, but don't speak about me either". If people with Tourette's took over and set up an army of robots that killed anyone who didn't swear violently once every minute or so, I'd thrive and go about my daily life like nothing happened. [Serious] Actors that played orcs/urukai/elves/men in the big armies and battles in LotR or the Hobbit trilogy, what was your experience?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* When putting on a pants, which part of your body do you put in the pants first?  My knees because this fucking question is stupid. My face.

Gotta make sure they smell OK before I wear 'em all day.  Otherwise, into the wash they go! Just like everyone else, one elbow at a time. ma phalanges My tail goes in first. Then my ears, my elbow and my mustache. Left leg first.  That way if I'm attacked mid-dressing, my right leg (dominant leg) is still free to roundhouse kick. My arms. i put my right foot in and then i take my right foot out, i do the hokey pokey and i shake it all about I use parts of other people's bodies first, to make sure the pants are safe for me. Big toe. If you had command of a Dothraki horde for a day what would you do with it?  Not much. Anything I try to do will end with them all getting shot. I'd organize a 3-on-3 road hockey tournament between them.  How large is a "horde"?  I'd like to do start with a round robin round but there may not be enough time if we only have one day. What background influence/manipulation is most of the general population completely unaware of?  Fluoride. What simple political concept is difficult to understand?  Communism.There are a lot of difficult theories involved. Public services cost money; if you want increased service, you must pay more money (in the form of taxes). That none of us, not a single person, pays more in taxes than the cost of the Government they consume.  In fact, most people in their entire lifetimes, don't even fund a single mile of road.  Just your morning commute you may easily involve over a billion dollars in infrastructure.  And there is billions more operating out there making sure your food is safe, the medications you take are proven, that your currency isn't worthless, that ports and airports are well-maintained and operate efficiently, and on and on.

Obviously nobody wants an onerous tax burden.  And it's easy to get angry about stuff like able-bodied people on welfare.  But there is a tendency to think you get nothing in return for the taxes you pay.  I submit it's because you have trained yourself to ignore your own consumption. apparently the fact that your vote counts Democracy. It doesn't imply that everyone should be consulted on every decision. From another /r/askreddit question: The government does real damage to the economy when pursuing fiscal responsibility in times of insufficient aggregate demand. Vast majority of the population can't wrap their mind around it. Money = power . Money = influence. 
A capitalist republic is Capitalist first and the people 2nd. That's how it works. Thats how it's always worked. Negative gearing How political parties count votes, and then choose who their candidate will be... Stuff costs money, so if you demand "free stuff" you're demanding to get taxed more. BREXIT separation church and state First, natural rights.  The Founding Fathers didn't create rights and write them down.  They wrote down rights *because* they existed.  You have rights simply by virtue of being born, by consuming air.

Second, that unitary, confederal, and federal systems of government exist on a spectrum, and very few people understand the pendulum, much less the importance of maintaining that balance.

Third, and most controversially, all force comes at the point of a gun.  Every time someone says "There oughta be a law!", there is another person who - when confronted with enforcement - will say "Or what?"  The "or what" will be the use of ultimately deadly force. Taxation is theft ? Not even being to be worked probably more related how could have it even to be going on being expected in means of doing the work not even said what?  I disagree. I think. Perhaps, maybe if we did more together things would be better at getting more jobs done. /r/titlegore /r/trees Airport workers: What kind of checks/tests do you have to pass?  You mean when initially hired, or on a daily basis? I don't work for airports, but I work for the FAA and have to take a lot of tests at airports for access to restricted areas.  For airports with commercial flights, tests usually involve a computer course and test which is pretty easy.  Often they'll require you to get a background check done as well, but not always.  Though places that didn't give me one may not have done so because I already had one to work for the FAA.

If you need to drive on runways or taxiways, the tests can be a lot harder. You have to learn how to speak with air traffic and often actually need a driving test out on the airfield. I have never had to do this, so I don't have personal experience.

For small airports with no commercial flights, you typically don't need any test at all.  One place I went to they just gave me the keypad combination to the gate and told me not to hit any planes.  Since I saw maybe two planes a day (both hobbyist planes) at that place, I can see why they weren't too worried. You're forced to take control of another person's body for a week, what do you do to fuck up their life as much as possible?  How many tattoos is it possible to get done in 1 week? Quit their job, commit as many minor crimes as possible, and break their lease (if they have one,) causing them to be evicted. Basically just be an asshole. Naked everywhere, no matter what.   No. Matter.  What. Prostitute myself for drugs. Gather as much Datura as I can in 6 days. Then on the 7th day, right before we switch back, ingest as much as I can without killing them. break up with gf/bf
insult bffs in front of others
do the most awkward haircut
post nudes on reddit..
Basically you have many options to fuck up someone's life!! :p
PS- These are mainly the things i wouldn't do!! I would become Hilary Clinton. Anybquestion asked i would answer Liar Liar style lol. Pour sand in all the important orifices, lots and lots of sand, that shit will fuck you up yo. Two words, public indecency Sell their body to human trafficking Clearly commit a killing spree and admit to it. What would you do, if You have woken up from cryogenic sleep that lasted millennia, to find out that civilisation has ended and You're the last person alive?  Are dogs still around? Or cats? Can I re-domesticate them? That might be a reason to live. Also, reading the books all my fav authors put out before they died...assuming anything survived the apocalypse. Well the best thing, the very best thing of all, is there would be time to read then... there would all the time I need and all the time I want. Time, time, time. There'd be time enough at last. I would approach the new advanced dolphin civilization telling them I was a prophet of the ancient god Nicolas Cage. They would take me in under their fins and teach me the ways of dolphin life while I preached the good word about the one true god. Probably jerk off every couple hours and try to find food, shelter, and something to entertain myself with. kill myself. Panic for a while, then get my shit together and try to prove that there really are other people out there somewhere. Cry for hours, then try to find shelter and food. run around times square naked shouting "Im the king of the world." Probably walk around a bit, taking in the view, and then I'd probably cry, or stare emptily at the ground in disbelief. From there? Well, who knows. I'd like to think I'd try to survive, maybe look for survivors just in case(the world is a huge place, after all), but I wouldn't be surprised if I had a mental breakdown and tried to end it somehow. I'd probably die because I have poor survival skills Swear vengeance on who or what distroyed the human race. I suppose since I couldn't know for sure I was the last person alive I'd probably search for other cryogenic places to see if there was anyone else that could be woken up to try to continue the human race, which since everyone else was dead would be a futile effort unbeknownst to myself. Comic / Game shop Owners / Employees. Why do you put difficult-to-remove price tag stickers on collectibles?  Goo gone Because otherwise people will swap price tickets with cheaper items. What would you leave, in your will, to the person you hate?  Debt An elephant dump on their doorstep. An empty locked safe with no combination.  Know that he would struggle for awhile to find someone to open it -- only to find it empty.  Not sure if I would leave a note or not. A bag of dicks. my mummified genitalia A box of all of those [tiny thin lego blocks, stuck together](http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2113/2156889405_04cace9755.jpg). A house full of wildfire waiting to explode. Yes I watched the finale. Enough money to destroy themselves. Drugs. Hope they get addicted, and wait for them to screw themselves. What is the most disgusting thing you've ever had to deal with to "not be rude"?  Help a Gelding (neutered male horse.) keep the giant open wound from his operation stay clean. 

I had to do it to help out a couple that allowed me to come ride their horses. They asked that I help take care of them. So...I helped take care of them. I work at a pet supplies store- We have a regular customer (comes in every 1-2 weeks), who's a pretty nice old man who always gets bird seed and needs help lifting said bags. Problem is, he fucking reeks of stale piss. Like eyes-watering, gagging and becoming dizzy, reeks. I almost always have to ring him up too. Unemployed people of reddit who refuse to look for a job: Why don't you want to get a job and how do you survive?  I moved back home to help take care of my mom after she had surgery in January. She's pretty much fine now but she doesn't want me to get a job because I entertain her and make her go to the gym. My last job was high stress and I was burned out so I needed a break. Mom's rich and I have a few thousand in savings to fall back on. I do plan on getting a job soon but why work when I can sit at home and be taken care of. She even bought me a new car which is so odd because when I was on my own she never helped me. I had to reduce the stress in my life after a nervous breakdown. So no alarm clock, no boss, no girlfriend. I support myself doing medical experiments for big pharma. [deleted] I'm far too stupid and incompetent; I screw up the simplest of tasks. On top of that, I'm socially retarded so I'll undoubtedly fuck up the interview. It's not that I refuse, it's that I've kind of given up hope.  I still try to apply to at least one job every day, but I'm pretty discouraged. How would you describe perfect girlfriend?  Someone who gets on with my wife would be good. She is sweet and smart, and has a generous, caring disposition. She believes she is deserving of love and gives it without measure, but isn't entitled, bitter or insecure.

She has dreams and goals and wants me to be part of all of them. She wants to know me and understand me, and once we know we love each other she will be as accepting of my faults and foibles as I am of hers -- which is to say, completely.

When something is important to her she will speak up for it, and she will expect me to do the same. She will share her fantasies -- sexual and otherwise -- with me and will want to know and accept mine, each of us knowing they are only fantasies.

Even if she doesn't love all the sexual things I like, she will do them and enjoy them because she knows the pleasure they give me, and she will expect -- and get -- the same from me.

She may look like our society's ideal of the beautiful woman, or she may not. I can tell you from my own experience that I don't care, because a woman who resembles that which I have described has her own beauty which is everlasting and deserves my eternal and unreserved adoration. The one I am with right now. And, no. She's not looking over my shoulder with a big stick Perfect breasts, brainy, onion booty, no-gag reflex, thinks my cock has the elixir of the Gods in it.  Just as insatiable as me, loves videogames, has a trust fund but doesn't act like it.  Great cook, great driver, enjoys sports.  You know, imaginary. Single and female Existing would be a pretty good start. I'm bisexual, so probably taller than me for better spooning, wears flannel, maybe has short hair but I don't really care about that or boobs. Maybe likes sports and stuff so she can get along with my dad but also can cook and be romantic so she'll look good to my mom as well. Me but a girl version that likes me ! somebody that can play games and enjoy the small things in life.  yet somebody that don't mind challenging me and a bit of a freak at time. Large eyes, tiny nose, long hair, large ears, intelligence, inventiveness, goggles, lavender mechanic coveralls... I hear they are making lots of progress with robots. Someone who is their own person but wants another person to join them in their lifelong adventure.  Someone who cares enough to learn all of my weird quirks because I would do exactly that for them.  Someone who can be social when they want but has no problem taking quiet alone time to recharge.  Someone who wants the strive for balance, be fair, have some political ideals (even if they're a mismatch of my own) and can discuss them without getting too heated.  Someone who can cook and is kind to animals. Good looking nympho that owns a liquor store and has a 1-800 phone number. Laid back and into it. ( ?? ?? ??) [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSkbEGxSiS8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSkbEGxSiS8) http://imgur.com/gallery/hAHaxnw Imaginary.

There is no perfection, there is no "the one." There is only good enough to make it worth the effort.

My girlfriend fits the bill. Nerdy, funny, smarrt, and sexy. We argue well and put in the effort to compromise on things so that we work.

Also someone recently mentioned we are adorable because I was asking her a question with a look and she knew exactly what it was. Someone who is as crazy and sexy as me. After having just broken up with someone who I thought was the one - I have no fucking clue anymore. Likes burgers, likes all sorts of games, and has a college education. The rest of the other criteria is whatever. If she's fun and chill person to hangout with I'll usually ask her out. Someone who can just understand me through and through. To know that I love her without having to say it. Knowing that maybe I just need some alone time when I want it. Knowing that we both can live our own lives while also spending them together. To be passionate about the things she loves and to tell me about them day in and day out. Show me what she loves and hates. She would love to tell me about what happened at work with emphasis on everything. To be super emotional about things but not like a child. More like an adult that just can't get enough out of life. She would love the outdoors but would love the indoors even more. To be a nerd about things but to also love working out just like I do. She would be a great cook and help me out on my own cooking ( because i'm terrible at it) we would grow with each other and form bonds that were like no other. Healthy,kind and caring. The same way I describe perfect Russia. Strong and full of Vodka. (Read your question in Russian accent) Small tits, Short hair, Tomboy, and a geek. when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waist
And a round thing in your face
You get sprung. Big tits, perfect behind, a ridiculous sex drive, an expertise and passion for horror, noir, science fiction, and westerns that match or supersede my own, sardonic sense of humor, and a pretty smile. Also, green or hazel eyes. Something something OP's mom What is your all time favorite movie?  The one with the dinosaurs and the Goldblum. Lord Of The Rings: The Two Towers Life is Beautiful First rule is, you do not talk about it. SuperBad 

I cant watch that move and not laugh Mean Girls Pulp Fiction, easy. Raiders of The Lost Ark. Empire Strikes Back Spaceballs. The Naked Gun The Little Mermaid, even though I'm 20 years old. And Tuck Eveasting! The Wizard of Oz. The music, the spectacle, the gentle humor and fantastical characters, I just love it all. I got to see it in a real movie theater a few years ago and wept. It's so beautiful. The Godfather 1&2 Jaws. Just something about it. Great great movie with so many quotable lines. The Dark Knight.Never fails to entertain me. Die Hard, but not for the reasons you think. I understand that it is only about a 7-8/10 movie, but sentiment plays a big role. I watched that movie when I was young at the only family gathering I can remember my family all getting along fine with no drama at... That movie reminds me of that time, so I like it.... Plus it is a fairly good Christmas movie. Dead Poets Society, no question. A tie for Brick and Firefly. Back To The Future. Tommy Boy The Power of One Guardians of the Galaxy Space Jam Gladiator, that last scene in the arena is killing me every time 500 Days of Summer. A romance story which isn't a romance story. It's tough to say, there are lots of different movies with lots of different themes. I could probably easily identify the  " best action movie", "best sci-fi movie", " best thriller", ... 

But yeah, to answer the question:

[Hugo Cabret](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQNkETGfA6k) Thanks everybody for providing answers your online bank/medical/work security verification questions. Next week, we'll be asking your favorite pet's name. Coming soon, "Where did you meet your spouse?" There Will Be Blood The fifth element WhipLash Her is probably my favorite. The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. The Fall Goodfellas Gladiator Saving Private Ryan What movies/shows/etc. that Redditors despise that you like/love?  What is the worst OCD feeling you can imagine?  Construction paper between your teeth. Scratching your nails down the side of a caravan. Squeak shudder horrors. [deleted] The start of I think it's Xenocide discusses setting off a girl with OCD intentionally. They cover her hands and arms with oil and grease, then leave her alone in a room unable to get clean. They do a very descriptive telling of it. The worst OCD feeling would be actually having the awful mental illness, Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. But there are so few people who have it, hardly anyone is likely to ever meet anyone else who has it, or develop it themselves. Bad drivers of Reddit: When did you realize that you were a terrible driver?  [Sometime around here.](http://imgur.com/V24LccO)

Maybe 99% of the time I'm a good driver. But when I mess up, there are no survivors. What fetish do you have that is weird but not gross?  Fetish for long nail beds and curved nails, perverably thick and strong. I like lips (????) I've always wanted to hook up with a hot alien chick. People of Reddit who don't work, how do you sustain life? [serious]  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I'm still living with my parents; I'm reliant on them. Music. I make enough money to live comfortably doing that.
So, I get by on being awesome. What if your favorite person in the world is sad, what will you do to make that special person to be happy?  Ask them what's wrong and genuinely listen anything Buying her something usually works. Pull up on em What urban legend you'd like to be true?  Nightman Slenderman bloody mary Well, since thirty years as a virgin is looking a possibility, I kind of hope I develop magical powers.... That would be a fair trade off.... Haunted Ambulance. This urban legend is quite popular in my hometown. [Serious] What are the pros and cons of using a Travel Agent?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Travel Agents have access to different systems that only TAs can access for different pricing. 

They can also usually package things together differently to stack savings and help get cheaper pricing.

When I've used a TA I've found that their pricing for airfare can usually beat any price I get from a website. I'm trying to plan my honeymoon next year and struggling to figure out if using a travel agent will be beneficial or not. I know that I won't have to pay directly but want to make sure it'll be in my best interest. Any information and experiences you've all had would be helpful.  Thanks! I just booked with a TA for my honeymoon! A couple things to note: find one that you belief will put you in a great place as far as hotels go, basically one that you have a little bit of trust in. 

1) I loved it because it was so simple. I don't have a ton of time and neither does my fianc?e. She works full time and I am in law school. So the free bits we do have are spent doing wedding details that we have to do and can't get someone to do for us. We weren't super picky about where we went exactly. We just wanted to be in the Caribbean, on a direct flight that left around 11 AM, we had X to spend and wanted to go for a certain date range. She handled all of that and put an amazing package together.  

2) They know the resorts and hotel, airlines, and activities like the backs of their hands. In fact most TAs get to go to the places for free so that they will like it and be more willing to book customers there. So use their expertise on these matters. This is why it is important to have a bit of trust in them. They may get paid more by one place or the other but they will generally know which spots are awesome! 

3) Totally thought through. They think of all the little things that are important that you will miss if you don't travel a ton I.e. Private car to and from the air port, trip insurance, etc. 

4) Upgrades. They can get access to upgrades/discounts for you that you won't be able to get by yourself. They got us into an upgraded club and room for our entire stay AND a full honeymoon package, all at no additional charge. Simply because they work with this resort often. We got a week's stay at a 5 star resort including extras and round trip air  for less than we could find hotels alone in that range. Pro - all the details of your trip are planned for you

Con - it's *way* more expensive How is your mother?  Sound mate, thanks. Yours is doin real well. On the ceiling
On fire
Burning above my crib poor thing, she broke both her arms. Last I heard from her she had some cancer in her lower spine. She cut me out of her life though because I support my sister in being a lesbian, and I moved away from my home country.

That was about 2 years ago, no idea if she is alive or not. I would assume alive since my dad is not one to be too proud to call and tell me she passed away (just not proud enough to tell her she is out of line). Her excuse was that life is too short for all the BS my sister and I were bringing into her life (she is very quick to bring up her cancer as a way to dismiss things in conversation if she doesn't like the way its going). The most funny part was when I said if you cut me out of your life it would make it harder for you to see your grandchildren. She replied with a sort of how dare I threaten to keep her from them, to which I said: "I'm not doing that, you are." She then realised her mistake, and hung up on me, that was our last conversation. What are good topics to discuss on a 2nd, 3rd, 4th, etc date?  If there's one thing that is guaranteed to make a woman interested its talking about the EU referendum. Trust me, nothing gets them wetter than current political issues. Common depictions of Jesus are in accurate, what is your your depiction or impression of Him?  "He's awfully white for someone who grown up in the middle east" Black, Jewish radical. And if you believe all that resurrection stuff he is also a zombie. 

So, a black, Jewish, radical zombie I use the Jesus from south park as my interpretation of the son of god. He's awesome. He's like a middle-eastern Jerry Garcia. Be Kind, man. Jes?s the pool guy? I think he's ok. "He grew up like a young plant and like a root out of the dry ground; he had no form or comeliness that we should look upon him, and no beauty that we should desire him. He was despised and rejected by all, a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief, and as one from whom men hide their faces, he was despised, and we esteemed him not." (from Isaiah 53) 

I mean, it says he was ugly, and I assume he was middle eastern looking since you know...that is where he was from. He has more legs and more eyes. He would have been olive skinned. Not much more we can really know for sure. https://mylensspace.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/imgp5846.jpg Not real. Just another "solar messiah" like many other deities who are/were the Sun personified. He's depicted in artwork to resemble whomever created the artwork. Fictional character, but I've always liked Victor Garber's portrayal from *Godspell,* mostly for the voice. I like to picture Jesus in a tuxedo T-Shirt because it says I want to be formal, but I'm here to party. 

I like to think of Jesus like with giant eagles wings, and singin' lead vocals for Lynyrd Skynyrd with like an angel band and I'm in the front row and I'm hammered drunk! He is a fictional jewish zombie.... seriously what did you expect ? "He" looks like all of us and none of us..."He" is you and "He" is "we". [Serious] Do cats know when we call their name they know we are referring to them, or do they just think the word means they will get something they like?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* My cat must know it's his name. Because he never comes when I call him. He'll wake up, give me the shady side eye so he knows I know he's ignoring me, then goes back to sleep. He only comes when I lift his food bowl to fill it. I love that cat. Actually, they do know, but they just don't care. 
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/cats-recognise-their-owners-voices-but-never-evolved-to-care-says-study-8966580.html My cat looks over at me when I call her name, but I don't know if she recognizes the name itself or just the tone and pitch I use when I talk to her. My old cat knew his name. He could be in the other room, and I'd call him, and he'd come running in. Also, if he was sleeping and I said his name, his tail would move. My cat knows his name. You can call him anything and he won't budge but when I call him by his name, if he's in my visual range he'll look up at me to see what I want and then its usually nothing he wants and ignores me or if he is somewhere in the house and I call him he comes in to see what I want and when its nothing he wants he leaves again lol. Jurists of Reddit can you get jailed in your country for a Facebook post naming retarded a certain group of people by religion or by race and by what law?  No, no we can't. Not a Jurist, but I studied law a bit)

In France, we can, it is like you took a megaphone and said "ALL ARABS/MUSLIMS/REDITTORS/ ARE RETARDS", it's a rascist comment in a public space [deleted] In Russia we can.
New edition of Article 282. Incitement of National, Racial, or Religious Enmity
1. Actions aimed at the incitement of national, racial, or religious enmity, abasement of human dignity, and also propaganda of the exceptionality, superiority, or inferiority of individuals by reason of their attitude to religion, national, or racial affiliation, if these acts have been committed in public or with the use of mass media, or with use of information telecommunication network, including "Internet"
shall be punishable by a fine in the amount of 100 000 to 300 000 RUR, or in the amount of the wage or salary, or any other income of the convicted person for a period of one to two years, ... or by deprivation of liberty for a term of up to four years.

Example: "In the Novosibirsk region, Berdsk city court sentenced the former member of the opposition party PARNAS, 21-the summer inhabitant of Berdsk Maxim Karmelicka to one year and three months in prison in a colony-settlement for the repost in society ?Vkontakte? pictures, which was considered exciting the hatred of the Orthodox Christians."
[full story](http://en.news-4-u.ru/in-the-novosibirsk-region-of-the-former-member-of-parnassus-was-sentenced-to-the-colonies-for-the-repost-of-the-picture-offend-the-orthodox.html) Is there a current alternative to Wherigo?  I think that [Wehrigo](http://www.wherigo.com/default.aspx) is a pretty interesting thing, but it seems like this is almost dead.

I wonder if there are other "programs" that allow you to build such adventure-like cartridges.

Looking forward to your replies! [Serious] How do you stay disciplined and what motivates you?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Planning a routine. If I don't plan a day out prior chances are that I'll waste it (unless I'm working), by waking up late, playing video games and drinking beer. 

My motivation is being able to say "I woke up and did something productive today." It can be any little thing like socializing with friends, cleaning, shopping, exercising, etc - as long as I consider it productive I feel good. The fact that my family and I will be homeless, if I don't get my shit taken care of. I use a daily planner otherwise I lose track of time. I run low on motivation, but I'm a naturally happy person so that keeps me going :) What facts are true for both Turkey and turkey?  Both are somewhat related to Hungary and hungry. I have no idea what either are saying. I can't eat a whole one. They're both crap at football. Can be dry or moist Neither are fans of cock gobbling. Neither is especially fond of Christmas. Beards are common both in Turkey and on turkeys. Both are terrible at politics. But to be fair, the turkeys have an excuse. They both go good with Kebab They both make great food. They both go bad if left too long on the ottoman. Neither are able to *legally* insult the name and memory of Mustafa Kemal Atat?rk. As a german i relate them both to delicious food. both have equal human rights. They are both fairly low in fat. Neither one recognizes the Armenian Genocide They are both dry and tasteless Oh, I don't know, the fact that they're homonyms? When people say 'Asian', does it include Indians/Bangladeshis?  No, Indians are completely seperate Not to me.

I also don't consider Russians Asian, even though they technically are. Technically yes, but what people actually mean is sometimes way outside reality. Yes, because India and Bangladesh are both in the Asian continent. Yes both of those countries are in the Asian continent and are considered asian people. no, even though they're all Asian, I've used Asian and Indian separately and I feel it helps with context depending on the conversation It includes everyone from Asia. Everybody on Earth except you has disappeared for the next 48 hours. What would you do?  do you know everyone is gonna come back? because that's an important factor on what I'd do I probably wouldn't notice, I'm lonely so nobody talks to me. Masturbate fucking *everywhere* Go into different friends houses and move around random objects.Then wait for the reaction. Visit jewellery stores and banks Steal so much stuff, on my list:

A car from the dealer on my road (to get around)

Head coast-wards and steal a solar powered boat.

Steal a satellite phone/satellite laptop (if possible)

Steal a sniper rifle and a fuck tonne of ammo.

Steal a nautical navigational chart.

Steal a tonne of lifestraws.

Steal some vegetation planters and seeds.

Steal a book on vegetable growing.

Sail out to sea and become a legendary man living on the sea, never to step foot on land again. Have the second Brexit referendum and when they come back, be like 'Lolzies, sorry we're staying now i just took a vote. Time to piss the French off even more with our glorious return' Sleep. Quiet for 48 hours is a dream come true Go to the UK vote counting offices, rub out half of the leave votes and replace them with remain votes. Then demand a recount. Move the Earth to another universe, so all you assholes can't come back. [Serious]Preventative Policing Technology, good use of new technology or another form of profiling?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* As someone who was involved in law enforcement, I can say it's pretty much both. It works, but at a high cost. Or more simply...it needs to be used sparingly, always. The threat of it should be the prevention. Not the use. Men of reddit: what is the strangest object/place you've ejecaulated into due to spontaneously masturbating?  a McDonalds bag A roll of toilet paper. A shampoo bottle with a wide opening I had made into an impromptu toy... As the most junior programmer on a government project, I used to have to do floppy disk duplication of our software project for distribution. (Early 90's) One time after working all weekend to get the installer packaged up and the master disks made I had to run a couple of hundred copies of the 4 or 5 disk installation package, then package them up for delivery to the Pentagon for distribution into the field. I had lots of time to run my newsgroup download program and keep myself "occupied" on Saturday and Sunday while that happened. When I had the copies made, labeled, collated, bagged with a flyer and boxed I poured packing peanuts into the box, then sent my last load in as icing on that shit cake, taped the box up and put it into the safe for delivery to the courier on Monday morning. 

Some poor guy at NavAir had no idea that while he was rooting around elbow deep in a box of packing peanuts, he was getting a little of my love along the way.... Really depends if you consider that dead prostitutes armpit as strange or not.... What is the nicest thing that anyone has ever done for you?  My parents didn't abuse me :)

EDIT: That I can recall... My dad saved my life once. That was pretty nice I guess. My ex-girlfriend and no long best friend saved me from committing suicide, twice. My now ex bought me a pizza for Valentine's Day. Nobody has ever really gotten me anything or done anything for me before.

It's simple but it meant a lot to me knowing someone actually cared. "Presidential campaign" is too dignified for the Trump-Clinton competition. What is a more appropriate name for this fiasco?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pji_IX-UacM Has it occurred to anyone that if/when Hilary wins, she will occupy the office where Bill and ...... Picking who gets laughed at harder for 4 years. Everybody loses, but you have to pick one. Welcome to "How Should America Burn?" I'm your host, a 40-something guy who people only know from this! Let's get the longshot candidates out of the way, Johnson, Stein, old white Jewish guy. Speaking of which, why are you still here? Didn't you lose or something? And now to the true battle. A lying, cheating, liberal... Wait that's both of them. Anyway, Trump and Clinton. Fantasy Politics. Do you know someone who became famous? What did they become and how did they change?  Semi-famous.  He's got a TV show now on a lesser-known cable channel and has done some guest spots in a few more well-known shows.

If anything, he's a lot nicer and easier to get along with now than he was back in high school. I went to high school with one of Australia's best footballers (australian rules). He won the highest medal in that (afl) sports honour, but since has become addicted to Meth, and his life has spiralled out of control. Very sad to watch. As recent as yesterday he was making the news yet again for his crazed antics: http://www.news.com.au/sport/afl/ben-cousins-has-reportedly-been-taken-to-hospital-after-an-incident-with-police/news-story/299306dc791a41b010300c29fcaf6298 I knew a kid that became a school shooter....  so kinda famous I guess. One became a news anchor and another spent a few years as a model.  I didn't keep in touch with either one after high school though. He has become a pop singer. He's gained muscles, an attitude, and he is actually fake-nicer to everyone. Oh, and now he can dance. I have a friend who ended up starring in a Troma movie, and has appeared in several smaller roles in other movies, music videos, and live theatre.  She still acts the same as she always has. That I "knew" her but Zoe Saldana lived in the same building as me, in Queens, NY before she became a famous actress. Ha! I was going to say that's the best one ever! I sing fast food love and ppl think I'm nuts lol. That's awesome though. I'd love to meet Lloyd Kaufman someday My sons father didn't really know him but gave a ride to the guy from King of queens, mall cop.. Etc.. This was before he was big and he was just doing stand up... My sons father worked as a dj in bar and the guy needed a ride and was really drunk... He ended up puking all over the inside of his car... So needless to say ... He's not much of a fan lol. What was your dream job as a child vs the actual job you have now as an adult?  Astronaut -> Aerospace Engineer When I was a child, I was obsessed with Super Mario Bros 3. I told my parents I wanted to be a Frog when I grew up. Unfortunately, now I am a Fencing Coach. Professional baseball player. Digital Marketing Analyst. 

:-/ same for both, game developer When I was little I wanted to be a tow truck driver. Today I'm a pricing analyst with respect to contract disputes. I wanted to be an actress. Now I get on the phones and act like I know anything about cars when people call me with their issues. There was only one thing I ever wanted to be when I was a kid: a tornado chaser!!  These day's I am a software/web developer but would love to become an actor.  Chasing a tornado is now on my bucket list though. Air Force fighter pilot. Apparently memorizing Top Gun isn't enough. Now I'm a automotive spray painter. As a kid I was obsessed with dinosaurs, not like the usual kids like dinos way, I was so obsessed that I actually corrected my teacher 5 time in a hour when we were learning about them. I was dead set on becoming a paleontologist, now I'm working as an IT assistant. They are the same. I've been in broadcasting for over 40 years. Redditors who get asked out frequently, how do you turn down people and why?  I turn people down before they ask me out because there would be too many people trying at once if I didn't ^^^jk ^^^^I'm ^^^^^lonely What would be the most difficult thing about human behaviour to explain to aliens?  why we are killing our own planet Why people who portray others on tv and film are paid far more than the people who actually do the job. Why we keep having to stop what we're doing to jerk off Cat videos and their popularity. Depends on aliens, they could be pretty human or maybe something very different Why we spend so much on the military and so little on space programs. Why some many people enjoy watching videos of people mating. Desire for Power Why people put so much thought into hypotheticals when there are real questions that need answering... What's the silliest thing you have felt anxious about?  What is the best riddle you know?  I give up - what's the best riddle I know? - What is black when you buy it, red when you use it, and gray when you throw it away?

- What is it that when you take away the whole, you still have some left over?

- The 22nd and 24th presidents of the United States of America had the same parents, but were not brothers. How can this be possible?

-  I have a heart that never beats, I have a home but I never sleep. I can take a mans house and build anothers, And I love to play games with my many brothers. I am a king among fools. Who am I?

- I'm the part of the bird that's not in the sky. I can swim in the ocean and yet remain dry. What am I? If I have a bee in one hand, what's in my eye?

(the answer is not "tears") "I have a mouth but do not eat, I have a bed but do not sleep, I always run and never walk, what am I?"

It's not a hard one, but it's my favorite. What's in my pocket? When is 99 more than 100? What tastes better than it smells? I'm too dumb for all of this A man lives on the 100th floor in a skyscraper in New York.

However, he can only use the elevator on days where it is raining **OR** if someone else is with him.

If he is on his own and it isn't raining he gets off at the 80th floor and walks up the steps the rest of the way.

Explain the reasons for this. You're walking down the path of life. You come to a fork in the road. At the fork lives two twins. One is evil, he ALWAYS lies and wants you to die. The other is good, he ALWAYS tells the truth and wants you to live. One direction at the fork will lead to death and one will lead to life. One of the twins is laying dead at the fork with the other twin standing over him. You do not know which twin is alive or dead. You are allowed to ask the alive twin only one question.

What can you ask to guarantee you go down the path to life? What is the only word in the English language that reads backwards to forwards, and if turned 180' would still read the same?

What is (statistically) the most dangerous job in the US? Nice try, Nygma. 3 gentlemen have a car breakdown in front of a hotel. They ask for a room for the night until they can get the car fixed in the morning. The manager says the room will be $30, and they each give him $10.

A little while later the manager starts to feel bad for their plight and gives the bellhop $5 in singles to give back to the gentlemen. On the way over, the bellhop gets greedy and realizes the men don't know how big the discount is, and decides to pocket $2 and give them each back $1.

If each men spent $10 and got $1 back, they spent $9 each, or $27 in total. If the bellhop has $2 in his pocket, that makes $29. Where did the other dollar go? There are two. When I was younger, my friend asked me these and I was only allowed to ask questions which had "yes" or "no" answers, it took me quite a while to figure them out.


A man walks into a bar and asks bartender a glass of water. The bartender reaches under the counter and pulls out a gun and shoots the ceiling. A man thanks the bartender and leaves. What happened?

A man is pushing a car, he stops at the hotel and gives its manager some money and then continues pushing his vehicle soon after. Why? Since people didn't like my other one, here is the one that got me the longest:

I give you 12 coins, one of the is a different weight than the other 11, which are all the same weight
using only 3 measurements on the scale provided
come up with a way to tell which coin is a different weight AND whether it's lighter or heavier than the other 11? Women Little Nancy Etticoat
In a white petticoat
And a red nose
She has no hands
The longer she stands
The shorter she grows Two coins add up to 30 cents and one of them is not a nickle. I've always liked Einstein's riddle:

**The situation:**

There are 5 houses in five different colors.

In each house lives a person with a different nationality.

These five owners drink a certain type of beverage, smoke a certain brand of cigar and keep a certain pet.

No owners have the same pet, smoke the same brand of cigar or drink the same beverage.

The question is:?*Who owns the fish?*

**Hints:**

the Brit lives in the red house

the Swede keeps dogs as pets

the Dane drinks tea

the green house is on the left of the white house

the green house's owner drinks coffee

the person who smokes Pall Mall rears birds

the owner of the yellow house smokes Dunhill

the man living in the center house drinks milk

the Norwegian lives in the first house

the man who smokes blends lives next to the one who keeps cats

the man who keeps horses lives next to the man who smokes Dunhill

the owner who smokes BlueMaster drinks beer

the German smokes Prince

the Norwegian lives next to the blue house

the man who smokes blend has a neighbor who drinks water You have two ropes and a lighter. Each rope takes exactly one hour to burn but they do not burn at a constant speed (meaning that cutting one in half will not necessarily guarantee 30 minutes of burn time). Using only these tools, how can you tell when exactly 45 minutes has passed? "You leave home, make three left turns and return home where you find two men wearing masks. Who are they?" This one's from one of my favorite movies, Tin Cup.

A man and his son are in a terrible car crash. Both are in critical condition. They are taken in different ambulances to two different hospitals at the same time. But the doctor refuses to treat the son saying, "I can't treat this boy, he's my son." Now, how is this possible? I am made up of 5 letters,

I'll admit I'm honest and fair

Rearrange my letters and I'm of no use to trains



Rearrange me again and I'm a warm, well-lit place.

What am I?

[I am a liar. All the clues are lies. liar is 4 letters not 5. Rails are of use to trains. Lairs are not warm and well-lit, but often dark and cold](/spoiler) 5 men were in a boat, the boat tipped over throwing all 5 men into the river. Not one single man got wet.. how? What is taken of you before you receive it?

[A photograph](/spoiler) A lepord was stalking a hunter who was on a car, suddenly at the fork the hunter turned left and instead of following the lepord turned right.

Why ? I am the first in earth, the second in heaven, I appear two times in a week. You can only see me once in a year, although I am the middle of the sea.

Who am I? What do you have to give before you can keep it? A man was born in the year 2000, but in 1985 he turned 15. How is this possible? How far can a dog run into the woods? I've always liked "What can you put into a barrel to make it lighter." What's better than paradise, worse than hell. The happiest people want it, the poorest have it. If you eat it, you die. You have 10 stacks, and each stack contains 10 identical coins. All the coins weigh 1kg, apart from those in one of the 10 stacks which each weigh 1.1kg. The heavier coins are otherwise identical to the other coins. 

You are allowed to take one measurement - how do you work out which stack has the heavier coins? Dunno about best, but it's my favourite.

>Voiceless it cries,

>Wingless it flutters,

>Toothless bites,

>Mouthless mutters.

EDIT:

Also:

> My life can be measured in hours,

> I serve by being devoured.

> Thin, I am quick

> Fat, I am slow

> Wind is my foe. You have a 5 gallon bucket and a 3 gallon bucket. How can you measure exactly 4 gallons of water from the faucet if you don't have any other containers?

Note: you cannot draw on the bucket to represent approximate volumes.

Edit: This riddle comes from a tech interview - Today I have learned that I need to start watching more movies and playing (yet more) video games. A man is in his yard and his mailman comes to the door. They start talking and the man tells the mailman about his 3 daughters. The mailman asks about the ages of the girls. The man replies, "Multiply their ages and the product is thirty-six." The mailman says "I can?t work out their ages from that," and the man replies, "The sum of their ages is equal to the house number across the street."

The mailman says "I still need more information", so the man says, ?You're right, the eldest is blonde.?

How old are his daughters? Wikipedia has this listed as "worlds hardest riddle"

Two doors are in front of you, one kills you one contains treasure. There are three guardians. One always tells the truth. One always lies. One, upon being asked a question, randomly decide if he will tell the truth or lie. They don't speak English. They will only respond to "yes/no" questions with either "ja" or "da". One means "yes" and one means "no" but you have no idea which is which. Each will only respond to a single question then go silent. 

What will you ask them to figure out which door has the treasure/death/lady/tiger? The warden meets with 23 new prisoners when they arrive. He tells them, "You may meet today and plan a strategy. But after today, you will be in isolated cells and will have no communication with one another.

"In the prison there is a switch room which contains two light switches labeled A and B, each of which can be in either the 'on' or the 'off' position. BOTH SWITCHES ARE IN THEIR OFF POSITIONS NOW. The switches are not connected to anything.

"After today, from time to time whenever I feel so inclined, I will select one prisoner at random and escort him to the switch room. This prisoner will select one of the two switches and reverse its position. He must move one, but only one of the switches. He can't move both but he can't move none either. Then he'll be led back to his cell."

"No one else will enter the switch room until I lead the next prisoner there, and he'll be instructed to do the same thing. I'm going to choose prisoners at random. I may choose the same guy three times in a row, or I may jump around and come back."

"But, given enough time, everyone will eventually visit the switch room as many times as everyone else. At any time any one of you may declare to me, 'We have all visited the switch room.'

"If it is true, then you will all be set free. If it is false, and somebody has not yet visited the switch room, you will be fed to the alligators." I've posted this before, but FWIW: 

> On the first day of class, the teacher announces your grade will be based on one pop quiz. On what day of class is the pop quiz given? Jeff learns about a horrible crime committed by Ryan and Brett. He has known both of them for the same amount of time and cares about both equally. Why, then, does he only report Ryan to the authorities, and not Brett? | | | | | |

Add 5 to make 9 You are locked into a room with 2 doors, one leading to freedom and the other leading to your death. In front of each door there is a guard. 
One guard always tells the truth and one guard always lies, but you don't know which guard is which or which door they are guarding. You are allowed to ask one question to only one guard. 
What is the question you would ask to escape the room? 

The guard's know which door is which and know that the other guard tells the truth/lies. [deleted] Within without, within within,
Some use me to harm, and others to grin
What am I? what has a mouth but never talks

runs but never walks If you know me you'll want to share me, but if you share me I'll be gone. What am I? What belongs to you but other people (generally) use it more than you do? What is dead may never die? i come twice a week, but once a year, what am i?

if you solve it naturally, you're the first i've ever met. There is a man lying dead in a pile of 53 bicycles. How and why is he dead?

Hints:

He was shot

Bicycles, not bikes, not motorcycles, bicycles

Yes the number 53 is very important

No he was not stealing bicycles

Yes he was shot

The biggest hint is he's in a bar I am a watery friend. My volume will not end. I need power, always on, after humans I'll be gone. Through me this message flows, under pressure my voice slows. 

What am I? If eagles could speak, and we asked one "what time is it", what would they answer?

It's been 5 years and I still don't know the answer. You are on a game show. The host presents you with three doors, and tells you that behind one of the doors is a brand new car and behind each of the other two doors is a goat. He tells you to pick a door and whichever door you pick, you will keep the prize behind that door. You pick a door and before the host opens that door, he opens one of the doors you did not pick and reveals a goat. He then gives you the option to either open the door you originally picked or switch to the other unopened door. Assuming you want the new car, what should you do? What do you say when you don't know something? You are in a race, and you pass the person in second place. What place are you in?




Not exactly hard, but seeing the look on people face after they realize their gut reaction is funny. If it takes a day and a half to dig a hole and a half, how long does it take to dig half a hole. Two people need to cross a river. They only have one boat between them and it can only carry one of them at a time or else it will sink. They both use it to cross safely. How?

Sadly I was not able to answer this one before the solution was given to me. Alive without breath;
as cold as death;
never thirsting, ever drinking;
clad in mail, never clinking.
Drowns on dry land,
thinks an island
is a mountain;
thinks a fountain
is a puff of air.
So sleek, so fair!
  What a joy to meet!
We only wish
to catch a fish,
  so juicy-sweet! What goes up the chimney down but cannot go down the chimney up? What's better than this Lamborghini in my garage? This ones long so bear with me here, its actually quite popular so you guys might have heard of it before, but here goes nothing.

Once upon a time there lived a knight and a dragon on an island with 7 different wells. The wells are labeled from 1-7. Each well has a different type of poison in it that can only be cured by drinking from a higher numbered well. So the ultimate cure and poison would be well number 7, however well number 7 is on the mountain, so only the dragon who can fly can reach it. 

One day, the knight and dragon determine that the island is no longer big enough for both of them, and as all legends go, they have a showdown. But the dragon being the benevelont creature he is, says to the knight: "since I am obviously the stronger one here and can easily kill you, we will have an atypical duel. We will each bring the other person a cup where the other person will drink out of it." The knight thinking he fairs a better chance in contest of wit agrees. 

Two days later, they meet, they switch cups, both drink from the cup that the other has given to him. In the end the dragon dies, and the knight survives. How? my first one was actually solved, so here's the second, much easier, but still very difficult.

what room can you never enter? In a room with 53 bicycles, a man lies dead on the floor. How did he die? A man says, "If you lie to me I will slay you with my sword. If you tell me the truth, I will slay you with a spell." What must you say to stay alive? Brothers and sisters, I have none;

But that man's father is my father's son. A man climbs a mountain that has never been climbed before. Half-way up, he finds a cabin. How is this possible? here when you're born, absent when you die, some consider me a curse, others a gift, what am i? He who makes it, make it singing. He who buys it, buys it crying. He who uses/owns it, does not care. What am I? Underneath the green crown they cannot see what am i How can half of 12 equal 7? a poor man will savor it to the last, rich will throw it away early, black as night, cold as ice, but can burn with intensity of a jewel, what is it? We are inside of far, in the middle of let, at the beginning of it, between the locks, and always end in you. What are we? Left alone, I'm a word with five letters.

I'm honest and fair, I'll admit.

Rearranged, I'm of no use to trains.

Again, and I'm an overt place, warm and well-lit.


(Answer is "Liar") A group of thieves are robbing an electronics store late at night. As they load the appliances into their truck they hear police sirens. When the police arrive they talk the robbers then leave the scene. How did the robbers avoid being arrested? My head bobs lazily in the sun. You think I'm cute, For my face is yellow, My hair is white, and my body is green. What am I? A windowless room contains three identical light fixtures, each containing an identical light bulb or light globe. Each light is connected to one of three switches outside of the room. Each bulb is switched off at present. You are outside the room, and the door is closed. You have one, and only one, opportunity to flip any of the external switches. After this, you can go into the room and look at the lights, but you may not touch the switches again. How can you tell which switch goes to which light? It's an internet googling riddle. Clues are hidden in the browsers source code, headings, and image names. It's called OddPawn. It's really sweet actually and really hard. a common english word, 9 letters, you can remove them one at a time and still have an english word until one is left, what is the word? 1

11

21

1211

111221

312211

13112221

What's next? Forward I am heavy, backwards I am not. What am I? If you take the US states that are farthest North, South, East and West how many different states do you have? I claim I will always answer *any* question truthfully (I am all-knowing, and never lie). What question can I not answer? Whats long, black, and smells? "I am better than God, more evil than the Devil, the poor have me, the rich lack of me, and if you eat me, you die, who am I?" What's the difference between an Orange. What question has not yet been asked on AskReddit? What have I got in my pockets? What do you call it when a Turian gets killed by a horrible, spiky monster?




Friendly fire.

#ShitJokerSays There are three words in the English language ending with "-gry."  Hungry and Angry are two of them?  What is the third?

The real riddle is: Why is "langauge" the correct answer?

Hint: You can't work this one out; you need to know the context. Tom Tom School assessment:

What do you understand for ... ?

Because it is never what I understand, it is actually what the textbook understands. [Serious] Girls have you ever turned down a guy only because of his look?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Yes, and I think everyone has. Looks aren't everything, but they're usually what you notice first. Look at Tinder for example, one of the major reasons people swipe right/left is looks. They may have a creepy bio or may not be interested in the same things, but looks usually matter at least a little. Girls and guys definitely both do this, too. You kind of
feel like an asshole, but you don't want to be with someone you don't find aesthetically pleasing at all. Yes a lot of times. And I feel sorry about them. It's not my intention though. I went on a double date once when I was around 14, and the guy assigned to me was actually really nice and funny. I knew that because we spent many days chatting online before actually meeting. On the date though, I didn't say a single word to him, and yes, it was because of his looks. It was probably the worst thing I have ever done to someone. Yes, because he was morbidly obese and knew it and didn't want to do anything about it. It wasn't like he had a health condition that prevented him from losing weight, he really just blew up because of his unhealthy lifestyle. If I want an SO who will look after *my* well-being, how can I trust them if they won't look after theirs? Yes... but not because of his facial features or dress sense. I don't care if his ears stick out or he wears crocs with socks.

In fact, quite the opposite. If someone spends a massive amount of time on getting that perfect sculpted bod in gym, and hunting down the right clothes, and only going to the finest hairdresser... then that's actually quite a turnoff. I'll immediately worry that he's going to be more about himself than anything else (and bitter experience has certainly proved me right so far. And no, 'fit' guys are very, very definitely _not_ better in bed).

The main 'looks' I'll turn a guy down for is if he looks dirty and unkempt, if he doesn't take at least basic care of himself. I don't care about skinny or fat (although severely fat is obviously another sign of not taking care of oneself). I do care about dirty and shabby. What is the simplest thing you have had to explain to someone?  How do you turn on the computer. There are so many I have had to explain to people due to work:

1. I had to explain how to walk from a booth to a trolley less than 40 yards away. There is only one path and they were on it and its view to the trolley was unobstructed.

2. I had to explain the 9:30 fireworks actually start at 9:30.

3. I had to explain DVDs won't fit in a Gamecube.

4. I had to explain that you need internet for a wireless adapter to pick up a signal.

5. I had to explain to a girl that there were 50 states, not 52. The flag having 50 stars didn't help. I work with someone with no initiative, basically it's like I'm programming him to do every step of the most simple tasks I had to explain that if 2 cars both travel the same speed the last car will never catch the first. When Jesus returns, what will He be most surprised by?  That everyone thinks he's a white dude. I Can't Believe it's Not Butter, and that the aforementioned product is not certifiably butter. He returned. The skepticism about his identity. How long the grass is since his last visit, I guess... He won't be surprised by anything.  The world is headed exactly where the Bible said it would go. That people still belive in this shit Which words are overused?  Literally when you don't mean literally. I see too much of "very" and "that". Like. I hate when people try to be funny for using the word "whilst." "Selfie"

"Bae" Savage *Literally.*

*Love at first sight*... Uhhh, ok, whatever. "The" Overrated Un-funny
it just seems so wrong, and it should not be grammatically correct [Serious]What is a good way to make extra money?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* That's a relative question - How much extra money are you looking to make, what type of time do you have to dedicate to it, do you have any skills? Check out Indeed.com and find a job within your skill-set. People of Reddit, what are some things you add to boiling rice to help infuse it with flavor?  Chicken broth or oil

Gives ashine Curry powder Lemon grass or pandan (SE Asia) pea Boil it in something besides water - coconut milk, chicken or beef stock, etc. Adding bouillon cubes will help as well. Saut?ed garlic and fresh cilantro and green chilies sometimes. Chopped parsley, chopped green onions, and green peas. I used to work for a habachi grill and when we would l prepair the fried rice we would add oil, butter, garlic powder, salt and soy sauce to the water. Finish in a wok, (or a non stick skillet,) with butter, minced garlic and more soy sauce. Best fried rice I've ever had.

EDIT: Add diced onion and mixed veggies while cooking as well. It's been a while, lol. Usually I'll add soy sauce, garlic, or some vegetable trimmings (if I'm making rice I've usually got some onion or mushroom going with it). Vegetable, chicken, or beef broth added to/instead of water is also very effective. Onion, garlic, stock instead of water, if I'm making red rice (I'm Mexican) I add tomato sauce, or I use Goya's saffron bullion, it's really good. Whats your game plan for a zombie apocalypse?  Walk slowly with arms outstretched, procure human cerebral tissue for consumption I'll tell you what I won't do, fuck my best friends wife because I assume he's dead. Most people want to have some sort of impenetrable fortress, stockpiled with enough food and supplies to last them until... well... probably until they all starve to death, start eating each other, or until the zombies finally get in. And they will, that's what they do... they Never stop. 

Me, I plan to be fast, mobile and quiet. On the move, moving from area to area. Using bicycles or being on foot as transport, traveling light, living off the land and what I/we find. There are a lot of resources in the wild if you know how to get them, you could live like a mountain man and quite possibly never even see a zombie if you're out far enough. Maybe only sneaking into town very rarely to get some supplies. 

And if the zombie disguise of putting blood and guts all over you works, it'll make things much easier. 

Melee weapons for the most part. I've got an indestructible baseball bat made by Cold Steel that will easily bash any zombies head in, and it never needs to be sharpened or reloaded. 

I will carry my custom Bowie knife as backup, as well as a single action revolver. Why a old west wheel gun when there are so many high tech options available? Reliability. A well maintained single action .357 revolver will last forever and it can fire .38 rounds as well. But the pistol should be a last ditch effort. 

I'd probably worry more about wildlife, such as bears than zombies... Probably skyrim, then a few games of league of legends. Get supplies, weapons and run to the hills. 

But probably: Dead on the first hour of the apocalypse. My plan is to get bitten immediately and turn into one of them. Because I want to be on the winning side. Netflix and chill Go to The Winchester, have a nice cold pint and wait for this all to blow over. Living in the tree tops swinging from tree to tree until the zombie chimpanzees get me. If its the quick, cunning zombies then die probably, if its the slow shuffling, moaning zombies then party time using a large piece of wood with a nail thru it. Kill the neighbors and take their underground shelter. What kind of prepper's take the time to make an apocalypse shelter yet preach their anti-gun nonsense? I got a longsword a few months ago. Nice reach, but no reloading. Go outside and get some practice. Maybe die, but I can always turn it on myself and make it quick if things look bad. Move to Greenland and start Z COM. Avoid other people because they're just zombies waiting to happen. Nothing I will be amongst the first to die. From my safe, I grab...

* 2 LWRC 5.56mm SBRs.

* 1 Kel-Tec KSG

* 1 Sig P226

* Various other gear (Ammo, knife, Gen 4 NVD, level 4 plates, magazines for days)


Before leaving home, I also pick up 10-15Lbs Potassium perchlorate from my stash.




Raid local pharmacies (maybe the closest 4-5), picking up as much as I can carry, but mostly focusing on antibiotics and narcotics.


Drive to my cabin in WV (about 90 minutes away).   Take Jeep (4 wheel drive) in case there are broken down cars on the way (or too much traffic), and I need to drive around them.


Cabin is in a clearing, with 360 degree raised porch (excellent defensive position if attackers don't have firearms).


Asses situation.  Most likely, I wait out the chaos of the next 3-6 months, and then go live my post apocalyptic life like normal.   However, if the world is truly fucked, I get super high with drugs I acquired earlier, OD, and go out in a blissful haze.


Yea.   I can't wait for the zombies to come. We talking world war z zombies or walking dead zombies?

Walking dead zombies: gather supplies/ammo/boat and head to the marsh or an island. I can barely walk through marsh, zombies have no chance, and they also aren't known to swim.

World war Z zombies? We're fucked. Fuck those zombies. Die. 

Remain Dead. I will leave everyone behind that isn't strong enough. I need strong people in my new world. Hell, even feed the weak to the zombies so they bloat and become less mobile. Machete, metal bat, short sword to start.  Eventually build pikes with push bars.  Thick clothing at all times. 

&nbsp;

Collect friends, share weapons. Build more.  Raid stores for food at first but clear land and start farming as soon as possible. Collect diesel generators, weapons, etc.

&nbsp;

Long term - build noise makers with head level rotating blade, place it over a large grate over a river / pit / downhill grade / whatever.  Occasionally clean it and refuel it and push decapitated bodies into the river /whatever with a long pole or pike.  

&nbsp;

If possible start up our first farm / defended area around a library and try to keep it in good repair.  Preserve knowledge. 

&nbsp;

Not going to be popular but if things don't get better after a few years ... start encouraging the old "men go hunt / women stay home and have babies" mentality... if we're serious about continuing as a species, we're going to need women more than men. That's going to be a shitty argument to have.

&nbsp;

Basically though - Stay calm, stab things in the head *hard* and twist / repeat until they stop moving, keep civilization and sanity going as long as possible. Same as my plan for pretty much everything: Go where people aren't. The first thing *I* would do is raid the Proactive factory, I need that shit, man. Then I would take over a Sams Club, fucking supplies for years in that bitch. Tree House in a fruit tree and lots of toilet paper. Run to my rich aunt's house, wait for it all to blow over. 1) Try joining the military.

 It's probably the best way to survive. Yeah, being a soldier might be tough, but being a normal guy on the streets is even worse. 

2) Fortify some strategic, selfsustaining location. 

In a lot of movies, zombies are generally depicted as having some unnatural powers, but I doubt, that they will be able to break a good fortress. Overcrowding to the point, where selfsustain is not possible anymore, is probably worse than the zombie threat. 

3) Wait and hope, that the military/government will solve this matter. Try to survive in the meantime. 

4) Chose a religion not to lose your mind, while waiting in a small system. But go for one, where premarital sex is allowed .... for obvious reasons. **hehe** Lock myself inside my home for 2 weeks and wait for the zombies to die of hunger Easy, Make very little noise in my house with the curtains drawn, If I get hungry take the shears to the hedge and live next door for a while, Repeat until I hit no other option then the road, wait for a relatively horde-less night and sprint across the road, Repeat the cycle. We take Pete's car, we drive over to mum's, we go in, take care of Phillip - then we grab mum, we go over to Liz's place, hole up, have a cup of tea and wait for this whole thing to blow over. What mild inconvenience did you put up with for too long?  A broken lightbulb. I've said this for years, but I am amazed how long it took for the post office to make all stamps stickers instead of licked adhesive. My bedside cabinet was far too close to
my bed. Nearly every morning I'd wake up and nearly twat my forehead on it. After a year I finally moved it away a few inches. Me:Broken "a" key. Window would only roll up about 90% of the way. childish flatmate who made living in that flat uncomfortable for everyone else.

eventually she just moved out, though, so I never actually dealt with it. Replacing the batteries in my remote.

Replacing the battery in the remote/fob for my car.

 Life is hard. Not getting Spotify Premium. The ads/shuffle only are annoying as fuck in the free version but I was too cheap to get the real deal.

Worth every penny. My iPhone manual roll up/down windows.... never again... There's two light switches in my apartment that operate the same light fixture, and the "combination" has to be right for the light to work, which means either using only one switch ever or going back and forth between the light switches to turn it on... to this day this inconvenience haunts my existence. Still putting up with this one - the water dispenser in the door of my fridge hasn't worked since about February, and the landlord won't fix it. It's frozen up inside the door, but I can still access the filtered water by grabbing the hose from under the fridge. I've been using it to fill up a bigass jug and keeping it in the fridge. commercials while listening to music

Love my premium Spotify living. tired of it Car door doesn't close all the way. The broken audio jack on my phone. I can only wiggle my earbud cord around for so long without it being a problem. never changed my standard program for videos/movies. Always right clicked, open with, vlc player - Changed that last week, took me 3 years. When I was a kid I would just dump clean laundry on my desk or my bean bag. Having an organized wardrobe is a nice improvement Most of my childhood I showered in the dark or with a flashlight cause my mom thinks replacing a light bulb that's not immediately accessible is one of those jobs you need a man for. I was about 12 when I learned to remove the lid and replace it myself. I then went on to show her how easy it was, but because she is daft I did it myself until I was 19 and moved out. Her current flat has a led light that probably doesn't need to be replaced in a long while.

So the answer to the question is my mom. Weak washer in my sink tap... So irritating, yet so instantly forgettable Got a new TV stand. Moved the old one out to the foyer where it was kind of in the way for about 3 months. This weekend I got up the energy to move it to the end of the driveway and write a "FREE" sign on it. It'll probably be there for another 3 months. My mother. Being begged to upgrade to Windows 10.

My base PC - which is mainly used for gaming - uses Windows 7 and I'm aware of compatibility issues with certain games and Windows 10. I never had any intention of upgrading. Regardless, I was begged and begged and begged by the OS to upgrade.

Finally, I had enough and used this - https://www.grc.com/never10.htm

One click of a button and I stopped hearing about it altogether. Should've done it A LOT sooner. For three years have had an annoying ticking noise when I run the heat in my car. Won't think about it again until October. Impacted wisdom teeth. Sprained my ankle running a 5k but didn't stop running the race or playing sports thereafter and b/c my mom never took me to the doctor (even after my foot swole to about twice its size the next day) now the entire ankle is very unstable and I have knee problems there too People who fucking cut in line without having their genitals mutilated. A job where my boss was an asshole and didn't provide enough opportunity for advancement.

Make 3x the money somewhere else 3.5 years later, and don't have to deal with said boss. Getting the shit beat out of me with a set of jumper cables Guys and Gales, what's you favorite thing to wear on a date?  my noose Hmmm just noticed I spelled gals wrong. Dammit. Simple color button-up with the sleeves rolled, plaid tie, dress pants, and my lucky black shoes. I always wear a dress or skirt paired with a nice shirt. If I'm going on a date with a gale, I better have an amazing sail.  Wanna attract that shit like crazy! It really depends on where we're going, what we're doing and the weather. Nonetheless, I always strive to wear something not too far fetch from the style of clothes I usually wear and something that I'm comfortable in. Which series gets better towards the end?  Lexx - The first season is very weird with not much direction. Babylon 5 Which terrible movie had a great scene?  28 weeks later, the first 15 minutes are the best 15 minutes in zombie film history, the next hour and a half was filled with awful child actors and cheesy scenes. Waterworld...  The scene where the Mariner (Costner) is using all the semi-automated parts of his sailboat to rapidly get it up to speed to run from the smoggers.

Even folks who don't like the flick usually like that part because it's so cool. Spy Kids 2 when Steve Buscemi says "Do you think God stays in heaven because he too, lives in fear of what he has created?" Straight out of left field. Deep Blue Sea and [Samuel L. Jackson's greatest scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMwmqp3GLMc) . [HE DIES MOTHAFUCKA!!!](/spoiler) [This scene in Gigli with Christopher Walken riffing is just nuts. Totally hilarious. Mind you, he never appears in the movie again.](https://youtu.be/3Jnx4H4LZTU) Angel's scene as a child in X Men: The Last Stand was a great display of the inner turmoil one faces when learning of their mutant powers. The highway scene in Matrix: Reloaded was actually pretty good. What incredible website is guaranteed to waste my day if you tell me about it?  TVTropes stumbleupon You're already on it. You could go into a deep dark 4chan hole... Pornhub for sure /r/roadcam www.cracked.com

www.lifehacker.com r.sine.com - keep refreshing. Neave.com You're on it http://www.zombo.com/ When is prevention not better than cure?  Women who chose, due to family genetic history, to have their breasts removed preemptively. Preventing autism with vaccines, according to measle-spreading individuals. When you're already sick. Chicken Pox. Get that shit young. It will kill you when you're older. Pubic lice. Easy to cure, but worse to miss entirely... What charity can one donate to if you want to fund children's education?  1 877 KARS 4 KIDS People who have lost everything due to a Natural Disaster, (like a wildfire or flood) how did you get back on your feet?  What is something that you'd like to hold a referendum for?  Changing the term from "duckface" to "fuckface".  
Let's see how many people want to post "fuckface" selfies... Scottish independence. The British Monarchy. Allowing Texas to:  Texit. Making it punishable by death to stand on the left side of the escalator or to use the passing lane as a travel lane. What villain would have the easiest time getting a "not guilty" verdict in a court of law?  Kilgrave Joker. Insanity defense. Almost anyone in the X-men universe. 

They can all say "It was Mystique. She framed me." 

That would almost always be enough to establish reasonable doubt. Chucky. Just has to keep still. The only crime any Scooby Doo villians ever did was dress up in costumes and scare people. Oh, Lex Luthor, he'd find a legal loophole or find some way to get around the court, or even kill the judge and get out of it. "DOOM IS NOT BOUND BY YOUR PATHETIC COURT OF LAW! AS MONARCH OF LATVERIA I POSSESS DIPLOMATIC IMMUNITY TO THE LAWS OF THIS LAND! RELEASE ME SO I CAN GET BACK TO PLOTTING AGAINST THAT FOOL RICHARDS" Ursula from the little mermaid. Literally made a binding contract, twice. The first turning Ariel human in exchange for her soul, or what not, second was Ariel's freedom for Triton's. She has documented evidence that every agreement was, if not moral, at least legal. Most C-list villains, like Killer Moth, Zebra Man, or Sportsmaster. They normally act as the muscle of villain groups, and could easily plea bargain their way out of trouble. Amy Dunne. She'd find a way to screw with the evidence enough to go in her favor and blame everything on somebody else. She already did so before, anyway. Harvey Dent would lawyer the fuck outta any prosecutor Peter Pettigrew. 

He'd struggle in the Wizengammot,  but 12 of the people he killed were muggles. If taken through the muggle court system for those murders it would be the shortest trial ever. 

Any witnesses: "well,  your honor.  I saw him point a stick at them, and say 'Abra kadabra'  and then they died.  I'm pretty sure it was magic,  sir.  It's the only explanation.  Oh and after that, I saw him turn into a rat and run away. "

Pretty clear cut not guilty on that one. Magneto

He'd get sympathy for being a Holocaust survivor, a la child anal rapist Roman Polanski, whom Europe seems content to harbor forevermore. Cerci Lanister Every mind control type of villain. Inspector Javert. Good luck even getting an indictment. The Penguin. He's rich and has political influence Hillary Clinton A villain that was also a white police officer Vader. Mesmero. Hillary Clinton [Serious] Doctors and Nurses of Reddit: What is the hardest news you've had to tell someone and what impact has it had on you?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* cop here; I once had to tell a 13 year old girl that her mom was dead. Her reaction was expected and I started to tear up myself. The mom had drank antifreeze but when the girl asked how her mom died, I simply said that she ingested something she shouldn't have Which two foods taste terrible when put together but taste great when eaten individually?  Chocolate and ketchup Diet coke and Mentos Dark chocolate and caviar. Twinkles and twinks. Peppermint Patties and Orange Juice. This is not exactly 2 things, but White BBQ sauce. I think it was created in Alabama, and is used mainly in the southern states on grilled or bbq chicken. I kept hearing about this stuff popping up as a wing sauce in gastropubs, so I decided to try it. 

Its a mayonnaise base with cider vinegar, horseradish, cayenne and a few other things.

After mixing it, I thought it tasted horrible. But, since I had come this far, decided to go ahead and baste the chicken with it anyway. 

For some reason, after you grill the chicken with this stuff, it tastes amazing. Rice with no ketchup 0/10
Rice with ketchup 10/10

Gotta bring back the old memes What is something everyone should stop do immediatly?  Posting without proof reading procrastinating Slouching. Smoking cigarettes. Eating palm oil Brexit Listening to politicians. Get on the floor and walk the dinosaur. texting and driving -_- Worrying.

Complaining. overthinking People stop using their damn cell phones away in the following situations:

In the middle of a aisle in the grocery store

When walking anywhere.

In the bathroom at the office.

In school.

When on the clock at work (Unless it is for business purposes or it is an emergency.  NOTE:  "Girl, where you get your hair did!?" is not an emergency call.)

Driving.  Seriously, I will lean on my horn and not stop until you put that damn thing down.

At dinner.

Church.

Baptism / Confirmation / etc.

As soon as the lights dim in a movie theater.

Seriously, just put the damn thing away.  The world won't stop spinning if you wait until you've got your groceries to your car or after the movie is over to check and see what brilliant and witty posts your friends have put on facebook. What's a good spooky story to tell someone you want to spook?  Ghost orbs Tell them that the house is haunted. and if you listen very very carefully then you'll hear the ghosts going around. When its quiet you shout everything you got at the person and spook them. [This will make you shit your pants.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Sok0F8CF5fg) What's your "that person did not expect to be seen without clothes" moment?  Have you ever seen one of those standalone surfing waves on cruise ships or at waterparks? It is like a little hill made usually out of foam so you don't get hurt when you fall and jets shoot water over it to simulate riding a wave. Well I was at a waterpark with one. When you fall the moving water forces you up and over the foam hill on to a very gently sloping foam ramp that dumps you into the lazy river. Some larger mom was trying the wave and fell and got blasted over to top onto the incline with her bosom completely out of her suit. She definitely did not notice at first. The lifeguard was pounding his chest with his fist trying to let her know. My cousins and I were laughing so hard. I was in my office, third floor of a small building, and looked out my window at the second floor balcony of a house next door. A guy and a girl looked like they were arguing with each other, and out of the blue he reached over, grabbed the bikini top she was wearing, and pulled it off.

To her credit, she didn't let him win. Rather than cover up she kind of waggled her (really pretty great) breasts out at the parking lot in a sort of "fuck you" gesture to him. There was nobody in the parking lot - I'm guessing she didn't think about the windows next door. I was repairing the electrical feed for an A/C condenser at an Apartment complex. The unit was right next to a ground floor patio with sliding glass doors. It's early still, about 9:30 am.

I'm working on this thing and suddenly the curtains slide open. This young  (24ish yo) women is standing there  completely naked and basking in the morning sun. She saw me there, trying not to look and failing miserably. She turned beat red and closed the curtains real quick. 

I think she was more embarrassed than angry only because I never heard about at work. Used to do lawn work, one client was a small garden apartment complex, all one stories. I'm working the blower, blasting grass and leaves out of the AC units and off the little brick patios. 

On one unit the sliding door blinds are wide open and 2 feet from the glass a 65+yo women in a flowered housedress is sitting in what looks like an original Graves art deco chair giving herself a vaginal exam with a mirror and flashlight. I guess she needed extra light. I'm hard to miss with a running blower on my back, but when she looks up and sees me standing there gobsmacked she just makes a little shooing motion with her hand and goes back to inspecting her cooch. 

I'll just say I hope I'm that flexible when I'm 65. I go to saunas a lot and I met an elder techer from elementary school, kinda weird looks were given an taken Walking through Hotel in Vegas to my room...

Saw some naked guy pounding on a room door demanding to be let back in.

He saw me, sighed, dropped his head then went back to pounding on the door and yelling.

I just shrugged and walked on. My friends wife came into my bedroom carrying their new born child and said "Tom is really sick and the baby is crying, do you mind seeing if he needs anything?" I said "no problem." I walked to the bathroom and we made eye contact, only it wasn't his eyes i was looking at. His Penis was staring right at me. and Tom said "go the fuck to bed." I said "ok" and went back to bed. Wig on, fancy wine, rings on your fingers, companions, laughter... What was the wealthiest moment of your life?  With one of my roommates from college.  His dad is a Harvard professor and had a few friends (also Harvard professors and alum) over to their house in Cambridge while I was there.  We were just having a couple casual drinks before going out to a nice club, so we were dressed up really nice.  They were in the living room messing around with the piano and my friend mentioned that I was a very good pianist, so of course they coerced me to play.  So for about an hour, I was sitting at the piano, expensive cocktail next to me, entertaining a room full of professors and graduates from the most prestigious college possibly in the world, as they were silent listening to me play. A guy I knew from college had a fraternity brother who was pretty well off.  The frat guy's family had some sweet season tickets to Busch Stadium.  So, once when most of his family was off vacationing in the Bahamas, the guy invited five of us to join him at the baseball game.  

Holy moly, we were about ten rows back from home plate.  It's a whole different ball game when you're down at field level.  And the well-off dude declared all refreshments were on him when we got to the ball park;  it's the only time I've had a hot dog at a ball game and it was extra-delicious. One time I was at a party at someone's house and they had a urinal in their bathroom.. I felt like a king You equate a wig with wealth?  Eww. I got taken to the fat duck for my 30th birthday - sure felt upper class eating all that rich peoples food :-) What genre of music do you like, but others don't? Also, what is you favorite band/song/album from that genre?  I'm not depressed but I feel like depressing music is generally more passionate and better written all around, so I appreciate listening to it in a lot of scenarios where others don't Classic rock is apparently becoming less popular with the under-25 crowd. Wish you were here by Pink Floyd tickles my fancy. I love listening to nasheeds. [indie navel gazing](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2XP1jHPp_kQ) [Gutalax - Anus Ice Cream](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBq0P-9ge48) It used to be much more popular but I love pop punk bands.


Right now I am digging this song called "Miles and States" by Abandoning Sunday What make Monday's a little more bearable?  Ending the day with a well-cooked meal and a movie. Gives you something to look forward to at the end of the day. Having correct grammar. At least it only happens once a week? having a job you enjoy Flush your toilet. Everyone else is also suffering. John Irving's works. It's one of my only days off work. I like Mondays. Snuggling with my pup for a few minutes before going to work. Knowing that next Monday is July fourth and I'll be unbelievably  intoxicated Irish coffee. Working weekends. Drinking The Weekly Planet podcast. Remembering that if we had a three day weekend, Tuesday would be the new Monday. A bear.




Did I win? Correct verb conjugation. If you go sleeping at the right time each and every day. Monday will be the same day as Saturday or Sunday if you wake up every day at 6am for example. Get your shit together. it's because you are not in love with your job. What internal thought are you dying to get out?  Right now, SHUT UP! To the person in my class I am forced to ride the train with daily, while I judt wanna use my daily train hours to sleep or read the paper Yell "WILL YOU GO OUT WITH ME?" to a girl i like I don't know how much longer I can shoulder the responsibility of everything before I lose my shit. I really want to call out my two awful coworkers. They're sisters and all they do is show up late or call in sick. I'm soooo tired of their bullshit. We actually had a bet on which of them would all in today and surprise! It was both. The universe is really the cellular level of a seemingly infinite organism, and the Milky Way resides in its penis. To all the girls on OkCupid: You're 300 lb.s and live with your mom, no, I will not treat you like a princess. How much I hate life right now. But I keep a smile on my face. Ill never be able to get my exgf out of my head. She is my ex for a reason (cheated on me), but i still love her so damn much. I can't stop thinking about her on a daily basis. I often cry myself to sleep. I like to be spanked. 

Ooooo, also I did your mom. What are your thoughts on the Game of thrones season finale?  I was stoked to see Argus Filch finally get what was coming to him. I don't see how anyone will be able to stop Daenerys If I had a dollar for every time I said "holy shit" during that episode, I'd have about $12. I think the writer's room has a big whiteboard with a checklist of lesser characters that they need to get rid of to "tie up loose ends" before the final season. 

All the deaths, and a couple of banishments. The cast is getting lean and manageable. Has anybody ever tried to get over writers block in the nude?  I am not some arrogant, muscle-bound freak. I'm a short, shy, meek, lily-white history major nerd with a belly from never hitting the gym (and a "bubble butt" I'm "hiding" under my "nerdy" khaki pants according to my best friend Ashley) who never even takes his shirt off at the pool.

I have this thesis paper to write and for the life of me I could not get any pages written. The deadline is fast approaching. So I did this to help me focus.

I wait for a time my roommates are out, and I go right into the common area, stripped right down to my birthday suit (leaving all clothes in my closed-door room so I have no clothes in immediate range to access), and write my paper wearing only my black glasses. I let my total embarrassment fuel me. I refuse to leave until I have ten pages written at least. It's nerve-wracking, as I'm terrified if someone might come in, but it allows me to focus all my energy to writing enough pages!

If my roommate, or any of my friends, knew that I of all people were in the common room of my dorm studying BUTT-NAKED, I would never hear the end of it!!!

But what can I say, it works. I write music and a lot of times if I'm having trouble I will take a quick shower and play my instruments naked.  I think the shower helps more than the nudity, but when in roam... [Serious] What happened if we don't have Google?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Ask jeeves would have served us. Deathmatch between Bing and Yahoo to fill the power vacuum? Yahoo We have LIBRARIES, so nothing to worry about. AskJeeves was killing it before google To be honest, probably Bing or Yahoo The Yahoo Empire read books more Sooner or later we would have Google.  Maybe it wouldn't be named Google.  But we would have it. Most of these answers seem not to be able to conceive a world which was not only pre-Google but pre-internet. 

There was a time when people prided themselves on knowing information, even if they were not planning to compete on Jeopardy. Now we just take for granted that virtually all the knowledge in the world is available to us at a moment's notice. r.i.p grades What Anime has the best visuals?  -monogatari series.

Really crazy angles as well I really liked Steamboy for it's animation. One of the better anime's to blend CGI with traditional animation. Fullmetal Alchemist. It can go from [hilarious](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/rlDLgiTQe-k/maxresdefault.jpg) to [dark and gritty body horror](http://static3.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11/111746/2750994-envyunleashed.jpg) and lose none of the art. Psycho Pass had some really good visuals. Most slice-of-life-in-a-small-town anime has gorgeous backgrounds. My personal favorite in Non Non Byori This one here: http://i.imgur.com/AMFhCmw.jpg No game no life. Always like the fights of Samurai Champloo magi puella madoka magica Say what you will about the series, but Sword Art Online is visually stunning It's always going to a Film feature. Bigger budget, less time restraints.  It won't be the best, but for me, Paprika is a visual mind warp, a real assault on the eyes. In a good way! anime is gay What is your oldest saved reddit thread?  Too much for zblock

There goes 10 mins of my life This one https://www.reddit.com/r/JusticePorn/comments/3s60cr/one_year_agonever_forget_the_slap_of_justice/cwug0oq



Because this comment is the most beautiful thing I have ever read https://www.reddit.com/r/JusticePorn/comments/3s60cr/one_year_agonever_forget_the_slap_of_justice/cwug0oq Which cartoon or anime relates a lot to your life and why?  I'm as muscular as Toguro (Yuu Yuu Hakushu) at 100% of his 100% strength form. Spongebob. Because he have tons of quotable quotes about life. :) Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood...my mom died when I was young and me and my brother were pretty close growing up...not to mention we both have blonde hair...I don't know why but it's extra tearjerking to me...especially the brothery bonding stuff tenchi, 'cause space chicks want my body. What are you unnecessarily paranoid about?  Spiders are unnecessary and I'm paranoid about them Life. Nothing. My paranoia has come to life far too many times. Leaving the water on at any of the faucets in my house. I'll sometimes go back inside and check again before leaving for work. Also, every morning, I go down to the basement to check to make sure none of the pipes exploded (even when it's not Winter). Being murdered in the shower or on the can Getting punched in the balls when I have my eyes closed Doctors, dentists and veterinarians. I don't feel I can trust them :/ Hearing a noise in the house I can't immediately identify. I don't know why I'm so worried about loud noises. Whatever kills me will probably be quiet, like heart disease, or cancer, or my wife. Nothing I'm paranoid about is unnecessary... [Serious]Those of you that have spent extended times in hospital what can family and friends bring/do to make the time go easier?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Bring whatever you can to help pass the time. I wish I had had a Kindle- books can be to heavy and sloppy. Anything entertaining that the person can physically handle. Daytime TV is truly the "vast wasteland". Although I haven't spent much time in the hospital, I have been essentially house-bound for the past few years due to a chronic illness.  

In my experience, the most important thing someone can do is simply listen.  Be sensitive to the patient's mood and tailor your conversation accordingly.  I've had plenty of people tell me "well at least it's not _____" and, yes, that's all well and good, but I need to vent sometimes!  And don't get all sappy/wax poetic if the patient wants to crack jokes or talk about the big game.  

Also, big tip: they say they're tired, get the heck out!  Visits can be very exhausting and overwhelming, and it's awkward to ask people to leave, so take initiative and dismiss yourself before you put the patient in a difficult position.  

Ultimately, though, remember that visiting a sick person is not about you in the least-- they are the focus, and you are a footnote.  If they ask you to do something, there's a reason for it.  Pay attention and don't argue the point. What was your most embarrassing moment?  When friend found out my reddit username. Fell flat on my face in my high school gym, with the whole school and parents as audience. If the world could vote to bring any single deceased person back to life, who would be chosen?  Hitler, so we can kill him again. Given that there are 2.2 billion Christians in the world and a foundation of their religion is waiting on the resurrection of Jesus, I imagine Jesus is a viable answer to this question. Willing to bet it would be MJ.

edit: not that I could possibly bet on such a thing, of course. saddam Diana. I don't know, but being Chinese has a distinct advantage here. Christina grimmie. :( Jimi Hendrix Ex nail chewers of reddit, how did you knock off your habit?  I'm absolutely interested in this, because it's a major problem in my life. Someone openly told me how disgusting that is. I never did that again. Got a small chip in my tooth that made it mildly painful to bite nails. It goes in waves for me, but filing and smoothing my nails seems to keep me from gnawing on them as often.  I want to paint them with clear polish, to strengthen them and because the taste would dissuade me. Keep your nails trimmed and filed. It was when they got long or chipped that I couldn't resist the urge to bit them. I never bit my nails, but the skin around them. So Istarted taking great care of my nails. Manicure once a week, doing cool things with polish and nail art. I kind of became "obsessed" with them for lack of a better word. Making sure I wore gloves to do dishes, using moisturizer, etc. After a while, being so conscious of my nails became a habit and I quit biting at them. Turns out I LOVE drumming with my nails on a hard suface like a table, so I always make sure to keep them long enough for that. I didn't completely stop though, but it's not as bad as it was before. I stopped by just taking good care of them.

Buy some nail files, when you want to bite just file instead.

See how long you can grow them and then clip them before you get a chance to gnaw on em. Try to notice when you are chewing so you can stop it. Whoever you spend time with a lot tell them you are trying to stop so they can help you with this. I haven't stopped yet.  I want to though. After saying I was going to stop for years, I just quit cold turkey one day. I let them grow out, and once I was able to trim them, I didn't feel like biting them anymore. If I'm at work and get a hangnail, I will get carried away biting it off. First, I got them painted a couple times, so I did it less than usual after the nail polish came off. Then, I got braces, so it's really difficult (though still possible). Any good books to read?  Yes, dozens. Hitchhiker's Guide series is one of my favorites. Modern love....light fun reading. Using information taken from Reddit itself. Johnny Tremain is still my favorite piece of historical fiction. The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho continues to change the lives of its readers forever. The Road

Catch-22

Man in the High Castle Ask redditors! What was the most ridiculous thing someone put in their will?  I wouldn't call it ridiculous per say but my grandfather specifically put in his will that he was taking me out "because he doesn't trust my uncle." It was aggravating. I lost out on receiving his house and everything. He gave everything to a couple of cousins who showed up into his life at the very end. I fought it in court, didn't win the property, but managed to drain the accounts that were being used to pay the legal fees for fighting me. :) What is the longest you have ever gone without human contact?  A good few days, but not terribly long. Not long at all, probably not more than 36 hours. I'm counting any interaction with a human in that. Even like if I like say hello to a stranger on the street. Few days. But if you mean human contact as in touching,  couple of months. Probably 10 hours, never went without human contact for long. Maybe a week or so when I was sick at home What reddit accounts have the best comments to look through?  /u/Poem_for_your_sprog /u/Poem_for_your_sprog

/u/AWildSketchAppeared

/u/_vargas_

Always fun /u/gradual_swede Mine. :) Bay of Bengal is in which state?  It's a sea. Surrounded by India, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Thailand and Malaysia. Couple of islands in the bay,  andaman and nicobar is. Michigan What kind of cellphone was your first cellphone?  Nokia 1611. It was about the size of a brick Galaxy S3. Pretty shitty. The battery went down to 80% in seven hours without any use, down to 50% with minimal use. Two years later I got an iPhone because the battery would run out in four hours without use. 3210 haha Nokia 5130 XpressMusic - really an amazing phone and mp3 player for its time. I think it was this one. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nokia_3110 Nokia 3100 Mine was an LG. I had never heard of LG when I got it. It was a black and white screen with a keypad and a gold-ish color. Parents go it for me when I was in 6th grade for emergencies and to contact mom. I guess this was around 2002-ish Nokia 5110 A Virgin basically plastic flip phone from 7 Eleven, where you had to buy minutes with this little card and the cashier put the minutes in for you. I thought I was the shit as I was the only person in my grade that had a cell phone. Mine was a basic LG cell phone that could only call people. Tiny battery, basic necessities, and pretty crazy to deal with. What's something that you never use but is nice to have?  My penis :'( Smoke alarms My autographed headshot of Levar Burton. a gun Life insurance Condoms What's your earliest memory?  My brother in the hospital when he was born. October 2nd 1988. I was just under 2 years old. My earliest memory is from when we lived a completely different place than where I ended up growing up. We moved when I was 3,5 years old.

At this old place there was a lot of residential blocks around, and there was a playground in the middle for kids to play in. I remember I went out one day, I had to be around 3 years old or so. There was a couple of kids, I didn't really know them or anything. But I climbed up in the tower and then I slided down the slide. We had all fun for a little while but the most intense memory I remember is that I was completely alone after a while. I didn't notice that the other kids left, and when I sat up in the slide tower again, I noticed that I was completely alone on the playground. This made me scared of course and I cried for a little while. Before I like built up courage and took the slide down by myself. I also then had to walk all the way home alone, which was frighting. my grandpa bought me crayons on the way to nursery. Sitting in the driveway looking at my first house. When I describe the memory to my mom, she says I was 2 at the time. If you found a lot of money in a brief case, would you take it to the authorities or keep it and hope not to get caught ?  Like No Country For Old Men? Sounds like an interesting time. Define "a lot", like buy a nice new car, or move to Belize and retire kind of money? In the US, if you turn it into the police and it goes unclaimed then after a certain number of days it is legally yours.  At least that is how it's supposed to work, sometimes that doesn't happen due to some police officers being corrupt. I would just have to keep it. I would take it home. spend it slowly on things I need and bills etc then slowly put it in my account . I would just hope the was no CCTV watching  , but I would just HAVE  to keep it . [Serious] How do you know the difference between truly being in love with someone, and being in love with the idea of someone?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* In love with the idea- they have no flaws, you never fight, it's "easy"

&nbsp;

In love with a real person- you live them *despite* their flaws (or sometimes because of them), you fight/argue but would never considering leaving permanently, the relationship is work and you're glad to do it. 

But that's just my experience You've seen them at their best and at their worst and you still think highly of them. 

You don't care about their acne problems when they're young, just like you don't care about their wrinkles when they are old.

You only want what is best for them, even if that is someone or something else than you.

They can do the most exasperating things but the idea of actually separating feels wrong on a core level. 

You're not ashamed to introduce them to anyone. I love the way my fianc? laughs. Every time she laughs it makes me happy and makes me want to hug her. being in love with someone---you made sacrifice for the person.  
being n love with the idea of someone--you don't do anything for him/her or you two, you just are "loving" him.  
edit; added a word after "him". Well how do we separate the idea of someone from their true personality? Really the only viable answer is time and intimacy. At first, nobody knows someone, you always meet the idea, or rather the persona, that they show to society. Are they bright and sparkling, dark and storming, soft and stirring? You see who they have spent all the previous years of their life crafting, from the most ignorant bigot to the most insufferably liberal, the only true thing you know of them is this is how they want you to see them.

We form our relationships from this protoplasmic facade and generally how it interacts with our own. This is where superficial declarations of love are made, it can be very easy to fall for a beautiful person who is, from looking at what they choose to present, flawless. In my opinion then, this is loving the idea of someone and you'll fall into one of two categories. Either you'll be incredibly excited or extremely worried to look under the surface. If it's the latter then save yourself the trouble and walk away, if you can't accept flaws then you can't love as you should, we're all human and we're all failures in some respect. If you're excited however then you can perhaps move past simply loving an idea.

Once someone is real their flaws will manifest. Their oddities that annoy you, the beliefs that befuddle you and all the quirks and inanities that make a person whole. In my experience people aren't mathematical problems, you can't solve them through shortcuts, it's trial and error all the way through. 

So you've fallen for the idea of someone, you've pushed for time and connectivity between you, you've learned all those aspects underneath their persona. Do you still love that idea now you know everything wrong with it? Then I guess you can probably say you love them, truly. You can't imagine being alone. 

You can't imagine being without them. I thought I knew but I'm still questioning. I was in a state where I just thought I'd never marry, that there is no such thing as true love... Then I met someone and he turned all of that around. Suddenly I thought about what our wedding would be like... I felt crazy when I wasn't around him... I woke up happy and singing.... But then it started dying... He changed.. For the worse and I had to get out... 9 mo this together... I still miss him but I also know there were o many red flags it's better this way... I just wish I could stop missing him Girls do you like guys with visible abs definition more or is face more important for you?  I'm a guy, but from what I hear, it's very important to have a face. abs are overrated Face, sense of humour and being likeable. I couldn't really care less about abs. The face for sure! Face. I'm looking more at faces than at abs. Face. Abs are very unimportant to me, mostly because I tend to like my guys a little squishy. If I want them to have a lot of muscle anywhere, it's their arms. Well defined shoulders and biceps are hot I'm the wrong person to answer this but whatever... I do not like abs on guys. Yes, I've said it. I don't like guys with muscles or definition or whatever. I love a slim guy with a tiny gut, or a dad bod. A body that is not hard and "perfect." Face is so much more important than body. It's where you connect with someone, is what you look at the most, it is what tells you how they are feeling, what they are thinking. Eye contact, good lips to kiss, and personally a big nose; there is nothing more attractive than that. Definitely face. Fac...Facial expressions. Personality is really important. Comic book fans, what are some of the most ridiculous things that have occurred in print?  Captain America turning out to be a Hydra spy The Punisher underwent extensive surgery to become black, just to take down a drug dealer. What food has not made it to other countries or has, but has become completely different from the original?  Apparently root beer tastes like medicine everywhere except the US. "Chinese Food" is, at this point, a completely separate, delicious and - above all - legitimate genre of food in the US. 

Yes, we *know* it's not like "**ACTUAL**" Chinese food. Speaking of *super-exciting funfacts* that *totally* make you an interesting and learned personv for sharing them unprompted, did you know Steve Buscemi was a FIREMAN and that Trent Reznor liked Johnny Cash's cover of *Hurt*?????? french toast Well, [pizza](http://sci-ence.org/pizza/) got pretty messed up.

And while I enjoy that comic, even 'American' pizza is much different than the ones you might find in Italy as well (saltier, thicker, more of everything). Coffee. Or do you call this sugar stuffed colored gimmicks from Starbucks coffee? you mean like anything you get in the US? Gyros in America are completely different from gyros in Greece Indian food has never made it to America and I really don't get why. Curry is a national dish here in Britain. Before people go off the rails and perpetrate a tragedy it seems like there's time to talk sense to them. How would you approach trying to talk down someone like Dylan Roof, the South Carolina church shooter?  You would need a hot chick to pretend she was interested in him.  That usually does the job to incapacitate men... why doesn;t our government use this strategy If all I can do is try to talk them down, and I have the information to use this plan, I would tell them about all the people in the church. It's a whole lot easier to kill nameless people than it is to kill Susie who's taking guitar lessons, or John the doctor who does heart transplants, or Edith who has 14 grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. Well if they're about to commit a massacre that affects the lives of more than 1 person, Utilitarianism would suggest you don't even have to think about it. Just kill the fuck. 

But since no one has that kind of foresight, maybe you could remove some key components from their plan before it happens. In most cases, it looks like that is a gun. Remove the gun and you'll see no massacre. what is guaranteed to get you punched?  Boxing. forcing yourself on a bodybuilders girlfriend From what I've heard, being white and then going into Detroit and just saying "niggers" I guess. Asking someone to punch you. Who would you like to grab by the shirt collar and tell them to get their shit together?  Theon Greyjoy A politician, any politician. Myself 2 years ago Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. I'd grab him and tell him to stop running the country with his pathetic and outdated ideology and get his shit together. GRR! I HATE HIM STOP MUCH! Frank Myself, every day. Myself, almost every day My soon-to-be ex-wife What do you love most about yourself?  My Dick Nothing. I'm trash. In no particular order

* I'm loyal
* my eyes
* I'm a good listener
* I'm relatively smart
* my sense of humor I've got nothing to love about myself. I've made it this far, I don't know how, but I did I'm single What do you drop in front of someone's home to mess with them?  A vote for Hillary sign A flaming bag of dog poop, naturally Atomic bomb. Old safe bought for cheap from craigslist/garage sale/goodwill.

Fill with random paper (junk mail without your address on it?) and a few nuts/bolts to add metallic sounds if shaken.

If you can, disable the lock to make it more difficult to get into. Gifts from incorrect holidays. One of those talking dolls

Except this one's 15 metres high [The bass](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/29/Largemouth.JPG) A creepy lawn gnome holding an eviction notice. A dead body. Fellow Android Users, What Are Some The Best Apps That Aren't On The Play Store?  Not really an app, but we periodically get good free music. tubemate Adaway, which is a very nice ad blocker. Amazon Underground and Amazon Video come to mind. World Star Hip Hop have an emoji collection for iOS. I'm oddly very jealous of that. What is the most effective way to handle coworkers who like to discuss/debate politics at work?  Just let them do all the talking and vaguely agree without really taking a side, if they ever ask a question. Like if they say "am I right?" or something to that effect just go "yeah it's really crazy out there." Sounds like agreement but doesn't really say anything. Or if they ask a direct question just say you don't know. Back before the last election, my coworker kept wanting to talk about politics while I was trying to finish a project on a tight deadline. Fortunately, I figured out a way to get him to shut up.

**Coworker**: Did you hear that thing Mitt Romney said? I can't believe anyone would vote for him over Obama.

**Me**: Who?

**Coworker**: Obama.

**Me**: Who's that?

**Coworker**: ...The president.

**Me**: The what now?

**Coworker**: President Of The United States. The POTUS.

**Me**: * Shrug *

**Coworker**: Ugh! * Stomps away * shut up and go back to work. normally does the trick. Don't talk about it. Seriously that stuff is boring as fuck. Sex, religion, politics, spousal problems, and health problems: these are the things to avoid discussing at work. 

The most effective way to handle these things is to avoid discussing them entirely, and if for whatever reason you're sucked into such discussions at a team lunch, either abstain from commenting or provide neutral comments (e.g. "I'm not sure where I stand on who I'm voting for" or "Both have a lot of good ideas they bring to the table. Should make for an interesting election"). 

But above all else, yeah, avoid these convos. Nodding dumbly, no matter what crackpot political theory is espoused, has always worked for me. VERY much have this at work right now - have had it for the last couple of weeks what with all the chaos in the UK n all.

I know there are people who are interested it, so I try to grab the first person who's not me to to talk to them, then say I need to head back to work. They don't feel like I abandoned them and they still got someone to chat at. Ignore it and stay out of it. Even if people are spouting beliefs that I agree with, I try to minimize my participation. Most political discussions are pointless anyways; you're either stroking each other for having the same thoughts or pointlessly arguing when nothing's gonna change. If you could mass produce a super power, so that people would temporarily gain/use said power, which power would that be?  the power to not be a cunt telepathy - so much of our interaction is built around not saying what we are thinking, would really through the world for a loop if you couldn't keep secrets. What major problem has an easy solution, and why hasn't it been solved yet?  The drug war. End the prohibition of drugs.  Put the drug war money into education and treatment for those who need it. It would simultaniously end the drug war, cripple the black market need, and reunite drug users whos only crimes were putting foreign substances in their bodies, with their families. Problem: Fresh water for all.

Easy Solution:  Desalinate ocean water.

Issue:  Power needed to De-sal, and distribution to all who need.

Access to fresh water will be a growing issue in this century, but hopefully power solutions will be found to fix the issue. What is your favorite North Korean "fact"?  They "are capable of attacking the west coast of the US", even though their missiles fail miserably in every way when tested.

They're just adorable. Kim Jong Il mastered golf. An army minister was executed by mortar fire for drinking and celebrating during the national mourning of Kim Jong Il  
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/northkorea/9630509/North-Korean-army-minister-executed-with-mortar-round.html Sometime not so long ago they lowered the minimum height requirement for army service. Kim Jong Un doesn't have an asshole. They're fine. Marijuana is legal there.
Not bowing to a bronze statue of dead leader is though. [Serious] Women of Reddit, what do you normally crave on your Time of Month?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Salty food and silence. A cookies and cream flavoured ice cream. Knockin' boots. I crave the souls of all people who do not get periods and do not feel my pain. Anything salty, like salty plums or chips The spicier the better; enchiladas, chips with Tapatio on them, salt and vinegar chips, etc. Sleep Sex and chocolate sex. litterally so horny on my period Chocolate and lots of it. I actually don't crave anything O.o I do love all things chocolate and so on, but my period doesn't seem to affect that. Chocolate galore. In emergencies I've even taken to the Nutella jar with a spoon. Which is weird because normally I never eat sweet things. Chinese food lots of it Silence and a bunch of it. Anything cheese flavored. That's usually how my SO knows it's about to hit. All of a sudden I want Doritoes and cheese biscuits. Time off from work. Freedom from the responsibility of doing chores/housework/cooking/cleaning. I seriously just want to curl up into a small, pained, oozing ball and wait for it to be over.

Dark chocolate (70%+ cocoa) is appreciated. But normally my appetite drops to 0 and I hardly eat anything. Ok, this might be an odd one but tuna nigiri (the sushi with the strip of tuna on top of the rice). I don't know what it is but there's something really satisfying about it. My theory is saltiness and high iron content.

And definitely chocolate, preferably dark chocolate or chocolate with almonds. Being alone. I don't like to inflict mood swings on unsuspecting victims (sorry dad). Wendy's frosties with fries. Never fails.

Also, a fuckton of beer. If I'm going to be bloated anyway, might as well enjoy it! French fries :D Red meat, scrambled eggs covered in melted cheese, chocolate covered almonds, apple juice Chinese food, buffalo wings, salty potato chips, sour cream and onion potato chips, dark chocolate, beef. Sex and painkillers for the cramps McDonald's fries, and McDonald's in general, which is something I usually avoid. Advil. Chocolate. Sour cream and Onion Pringles. Salty sweet... Found these chocolate covered pretzels with sea salt just recently and wow! Those def hit the spot... Other times Popsicles/slushies ... Sometimes I need the salty chocolate and wash it down with a slushie... Perfect... Throw heating pad on me... Turn on tv with my snack and drink and avoid all communication for a few days lol. It's a boring answer but sweet things and carbs. Just this weekend, i think i consumed about two baguettes to myself. I'm not joking. Just sliced and eaten with nothing on. 

In fact i'd say the only time i will eat a Snickers bar is if it's that time of the month. They really hit the spot. Anything and everything with salted caramel in the title. I also never want to eat my real dinner, but an hour later I will eat an entire bag of grapes or tub of ice cream, depending on my willpower. Sleep, potato chips, and water.  


If I could, I'd hibernate on day two and three, having gorged on salty stuff and water on day one.  Since I can't, I nibble chips and nap. Salty food. Sweet stuff in general, I prefer gummy bears over chocolate. Salt or chocolate, and sleep. Salty food and a lot of sleep. [Serious] What a telltale sign that someone is or is going to be an excellent leader?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Reluctance to lead due to an awareness of the huge responsibility involved. The ability to understand and respect views aside from his/her own and weight them into decisions. They have no problem taking control in stressful situations, remain calm when doing so and actually have an idea what they're doing. Knowing that it's never right to lie to the people they're trying to lead, no matter how good a reason there may appear to be for one. They consider input from others with legitimate interest and appreciation.

They treat those who are less knowledgeable and/or less skilled with a helpful attitude rather being condescending or dismissive.

They acknowledge when they are wrong and solicit feedback to find the best way forward.

They aren't concerned with who came up with the "great idea," but rather they are more concerned with executing it as efficiently and effectively as possible.

They recognize that everyone is human, and thus, everyone makes mistakes.

Their expectations are based within reasonable parameters that balance quality of work with time needed to accomplish it.

They never resort to verbal band-aids like "Make it happen."  Instead, they engage in dialogue with others to work together toward a solution.

There are more, but those are qualities I've admired in every great manager/supervisor I've ever worked for. Trust that other people will do their job well and take pride in it. Micromanagers don't make effective leaders. Patience enough to study and understand a problem in depth and then rationally make the best choice. The ability to look at a situation from different perspectives. if everyone is afraid of him like putin or sadam Integrity.

Standing up for a friend. Their party (or other managers, or whatever) are not fond of them. show us what you look like?  Just imagine a pants with yellow human size sponge in it. No, hope this answers your question. Just imagine you never shaved your pubes. Then you shaved them and glued it to your head I would, but imgur sucks and I don't know where else to upload shit from my phone. I would, but since you forgot the [Serious] flair and no one gives you a real aswer, I changed my mind to nope. poorly OP What was the greatest mindfuck fourth wall break?  Psycho-Mantis in Metal Gear Solid. The first time Dora the Explora turned and talked to my daughter, she ran away from the TV in horror. First one that comes to mind is Funny Games when they rewound the end House of cards at the end of one of the seasons when Frank talks to the audience after several episodes of bit doing it.

"Did you think I'd forget about you?" "you're still here? It's over. Go home"-Ferris Bueller Since the only movie I remember watching, that has fourth wall break is Deadpool:  "These timelines are so confusing". [Spaceballs - We're at now-now](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNIwlRClHsQ) In Batman Arkham Asylum there's a part where the screen gets all glitchy and then completely cuts to black, and stays that way for quite awhile. It really seems as if your console just took a shit and broke. Fucking Scarecrow. This scene in passions, the whole show was insane but then this bit happens and I still wonder wtf it was about.  

Start @6.57 https://youtu.be/v5siALf_PCU The theatrical version of [Into the Woods](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Into_the_Woods) has a narrator appear onstage multiple times; eventually the characters notice him, declare he's not one of them, and sacrifice him to the giant. Deadpool, all of it An old Sega Genesis game, X-men (something or other) had a level where you...broke a computer or something. A screen flashed up telling you to reset the system or something.

You actually had to press the reset button on your console. Many a player got stuck because of being able to come up with that, at the time, *not at all obvious* solution. Ryan Gosling's fourth wall breaks in The Big Short. Specially the "Zero! Zero!" one. I lost my shit at that one Flowey in Undertale. Simply the game force closing was enough. When Carlton ran around the set of Fresh Prince of Bel-Air https://youtu.be/EFX1NtxkqcE I'd have to say Gremlins when the projector reel seemed to break and go to a white screen.  I also watched this in the movie theater, and almost everyone looked back to where the projector was. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYVb4OLk4NQ <-- This trailer when star wars came out.  (RES users: use the embedded playback, as the video title spoils it a little). Undertale, reset to save toriel and flowey acknowledges it, a few other moments i won't bother to name Grant Morrison's comics have several instances of the characters knowing they are comic book characters or the writer himself becoming a character. The TV show *Moonlighting* was the king of this. From the characters addressing the audience, to blaming the writers, to wondering if this is the Christmas episode, to walking around the set.

It takes the cake, though, when half-way through the last episode they hear they got cancelled and pretty much stop following the plot and rush around the studio trying to get un-cancelled. I love this shit, but the only example that comes to mind right now is whenever in the original 4Kids dub of the Indigo League series of the Pokemon anime, occasionally James or Meowth would directly reference the fact that it's a fiction show, and it's really weird especially given their characters. The first time zack Morris did a time out DAE Deapool lol. What is appropriate in front of coworkers but not your friends?  Being productive. Shop talk. To act like a boss. Lol Telling them what to do - assuming of course that you're actually in charge and not being a dick that likes to boss people around. Exposing your genitals (assuming you work in pornography). Passive aggressive post-it notes Talking about gross things like poop, blood, infections, crotch cheese, boner cheese, etc. My friends probably wouldn't sit through a 45-minute PowerPoint presentation. What is the least interesting thing about you?  I have two arms I stand on two feet Everything. I am the most boring man in the world. I've got an appropriate number of fingers and toes. My marriage. I read the manual before I set up Ikea furniture. My username. I am human my right cheek is itchy. My name I don't often drink beer, but when I do, I drink Dos Equis Redditors, how did you meet your current spouse or SO?  Tinder ! Mutual friend introduced us. CB radio. It was a while ago when EVERYONE had a CB..... I don't have a SO. In an internet relationship website.

We decided the meet.

We decided to live together.

We decided to marry.

Now we decided to buy a house, but we still do not have the money. :( Match.com

Been together for 12 years, married for 8. We were in a musical where he played a eunuch and I was a courtesan. Brother starts dating a girl, he shows me a picture of her and I notice a red head friend. After finding out her name, I carry out a full Facebook investigation, you know, to check out her likes and stuff...
A week later we end up at the same house party, I introduce myself with a handshake, informed her of the investigation I carried out and proceeded to tell her I thought she was beautiful. She didn't believe  it so I proved it by getting with her. Hand shake to first base in around 10 seconds. That was 5 and half years a go.

EDIT: Still together now At a Boy Scout Camp. 

Calm down, neither of us were campers, we both worked on staff. Uber drivers of reddit, what are your craziest stories?  Single people of reddit, why are you single and what would it take to take it away from you?  I'm afraid of intimacy and have a very low libido - may even be asexual, but not a hundred percent sure. 

I've been asked out by girls since I was 12, but never really wanted to be in a relationship. I did try dating a few months back, but I just didn't feel it despite the girl being attractive. 

The only way things could change would be if I meet a similar minded person, but it's kinda a catch 22 given the above problems, so highly unlikely. I chose to be and stay single for a while last october. I got sick of meaningless sex and boring women.  Im jsut doing me for now. Literally. There isn't anyone who wants to date me that I would want to date. To become not single, some one that I found attractive would have to want to date me. This does not seem likely as I am not a very good catch by most standards. I work mission operations on graveyard shift and I'm a master's student in engineering. My requirement would be other females being present. 

On a side note, women, please join engineering. It's a sausage fest in here. Because I am completely unattractive. I'm not good looking, talented, ambitious, or wealthy.  The only reason any woman would ever have in me is my absolute availability, and that gives me the only option of the most desperate.  I learned long ago that those relationships only bring disappointment and betrayal. My libido is high in the last recent years, and I have decided that I dom't want to spend my time with someone because it means less time for my goals ; physical and musical training and getting smarter.


Because of those reasons I just have a handful of FWB girls. That means no commitment and no time wasted. I feel better this way. I'm currently single because I have a penchant for attracting men who are seemingly only interested in casual/meaningless sex. I would like a relationship, not a fuckbuddy.

I don't mind being single - I'm pretty happy with the way my life is going at the moment, - but it'd be nice to have someone to share that with. I just need to meet someone I share similar interests and ideals with. :) I'm single by choice, I've chosen to take care of myself both physically and mentally and so far I'm happy with how I've done and continue to do so. I have no desire to be in another relationship at the moment but if I do meet someone, I'm not going to close myself off entirely either. It really comes down to who the potential man is here. Freedom is too precious to give away :P! 
Someone who shares goals similar to mine PA suspension my license for a few years for driving under suspension, so it's unlikely I would find someone who wouldn't mind always driving and someone who thought I would be worth dating What did you do, to get back at your worst job, on your last day?  Scotland. I normally have a roll and square sausage or poached eggs and toast. Submitted a report to the Better Business Bureau.  But then again they fired me because of my bad attitude.  Which consisted of telling the owner's 45 year old daughter and her best friend that Cleaning up the bakery is a good idea.  Because you know, some people come in to buy baked goods not made in mixing containers that appear to have been a community bathtub before preparing various baked goods in them. Reddit, where are you from and what do you usually have for breakfast?  Germany, wurst and beer England and coffee, today I treated myself and had cornflakes too. US-East. Usually a yogurt, granola bar, and a piece of fruit. Weekends is eggs, bacon, hash browns and avocado toast. Smorz cereal As a Californian eating miso soup and toast for breakfast I'm beginning to wonder: What is normal breakfast? USA, just had a cup of coffee, maybe have a bowl of  oatmeal next. Finland, I eat rye bread, some people drink Lasol and eat coal. US - East Coast.  A handful of almonds, a cup of tea and and apple. Just picked up a french vanilla and a cream cheese bagel from my local Timmies. I'm Canadian. Finland, living in Scotland, usually don't eat anything. if I do, rye bread when I'm in Finland and can get it, toast when I'm in Scotland with no access to the bread of the gods. Michigan. Onion bagel, toasted, with vegan butter. England - Usually a cereal of some kind; sometimes just a cup of tea. I'm from Northern California (Sacramento region) and I don't eat breakfast. I generally don't eat until I've been up for somewhere between 4 to 6 hours minimum Scotland. Not living there sadly. If I'm at work I eat 2 boiled eggs for breakfast. If I'm not working I don't eat anything. Southwestern Germany: Br?tchen with Schinken. Australia - coffee with peanut butter on toast, or cereal. American Midwest. Eggs, fruit, yogurt, coffee US-east coast. Green smoothie and bread with cheese or eggs Florida - Cheeseburger Switzerland, black coffee
Edit: Gipfeli at weekends =) Netherlands, Bread with chocolate sprinkles Wales (UK) -- Sausage Roll California, refried beans, Spanish rice, bacon, eggs, and potatoes. Or chorizo and eggs in a tortilla Australia - Vegemite on toast, it's bloody top notch mate. Also on a Sunndy morn I don't mind a couple snags. /u/Gurtol said in the post above this one: 

Scotland. I normally have a roll and square sausage or poached eggs and toast.

He posted it in the wrong thread, so I thought I'd help it be seen. [Serious] People who have opted to HAVE children, why have you made this decision?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I like kids and I was the last of my line, so I needed somebody to inherit all my junk. I was on the fence about it. Mainly I have a hard time justifying bringing a NEW person into this crowded world. But my SO wanted children and  I thought I'd be a good dad. People deserve good dads. So I went for it. Going on 2 years and regret nothing. I'm excited for the time when she can speak coherently. What about people that want to but havent yet, would that be acceptable to answer here aswell? :) I'm not in a place in my life to have kids yet (still in undergrad, also no SO to have said kids with yet) but I know for sure I want kids one day. there isn't really a concrete reason so much as how much I love hanging out with little kids (mainly my goddaughter right now, plus the kids I volunteer with at the Finnish school where I go to uni). it just feels like something I really want to do. I have just always known I wanted children. I grew up in a big family and loved it. There was always something going on. There was never a dull moment and I wanted that for my future. My wife felt similarly and we have three kids together. Being their father has been an awesome experience and I wouldn't trade it for the world. I don't have children but in the last couple of months I haven't been able to shed the idea. I do want one at least, probably in the next five years or so. I had my first kid at the age of 41.  My wife and I had been together for 20 years at this point, and well ... she got pregnant.  

When you're 40, sometimes the rest of your life looks like a long hallway to the grave.  There might be some surprises but for the most part you have a pretty good idea of how the rest of your life will go.  

Now ... I have no fucking idea.  It's exhausting, it's hard, it's frustrating, it's fun, it's funny, it's touching ... and I wouldn't change anything. we made the decision to have unprotected sex so we took responsibilty, we were in no position to have a kid but we made it through and we have two now, they are the best. I have a large extended family. My life has always been in the middle of a lot of people who love and care about me and everyone else in the family. I never envisioned life without kids, they could only add to the love. Well my spouse and I are still trying, but there's several reasons. I think it would be nice to continue my family line for one. I think that holidays will be better having a child, rather than ending up 50 and having a sad Christmas alone with my wife. Then hopefully we can have them visit us when we're old. 

Having someone else to eventually mow the lawn is pretty nice too. I have a more evolutionist reason going for me: 

If you don't have any children, you are the first one in a line dating back **4 billion years** to not have any descendants. 

That's crazy to think about. Kids are fun. For me it was to get a meaning in life. 9 years old now and with all its ups and downs (90% ups) it's the best choice in my life :) Logically I don't want kids, but I feel the evolutionary desire to procreate and when I see a little kid in goalie equipment I get all paternal. "Oh my gosh lookit the little goalie omg I want one" I have decided to have one child someday, probably in about 5-10 years from now. I think its kind of a stupid decision actually because they're expensive and I tend to be a selfish person but my maternal instinct is so strong that I need to plus I know I'll be a great mother. My ovaries do god damned flips every time I hear a baby cry. I would say because I think it would be challenging but fun and I'd be a good dad, but honestly - my ingrained evolutionary drive to reproduce is probably a large factor. I'll need someone to take care of me when I get old... my wife is not gonna do it. Who says it was a decision?  Our daughter, for example, wasn't planned.  But we're Catholic, so an abortion was out of the question.  Years later, I couldn't be happier how it turned out.  She's wonderful, I grow with pride every day as she learns to spell, read and do math, and she recently kicked my ass at Mario Kart 64. I guess I just want to love a child immoderately.
And probably make something beautiful. What's something you often let slide because an argument just isn't worth it?  Most mistakes on a fast food order.  Gave me coke instead of diet coke?  Whatever.  

I've seen people throw screaming fits over this stuff. Anything I disagree with on reddit When people try to talk to me about politics I just smile and nod my head.  I have no interest in feeding someone else's fire about their thoughts regarding [insert political candidate here]. The older I get the bigger this list gets. Anything about God.Sounds cliche but it's so not worth anything. Hanging out with good friends who I've known for more than a decade, and for the first time the topic of religion comes up. Almost immediately it was as if we were arguing against people we didn't know. It almost got heated, but one of us broke it down cause he was already drunk. We laughed it off, but it was weird seeing how the topic can instantaneously change people's attitudes. *Arguing with a moderator because a post was removed.* If you try to argue with them, you will most of the time get dick responses, or muted for three days. Small things that my SO does. For instance this morning he trimmed his facial hair over the bathroom sink. Didn't wash the sink out after. I went to brush my teeth and saw the hair everywhere. As much as I wanted to call him in there and make him wash it out, instead I bit my tongue and rinsed the sink out myself. So much better than starting the day out bickering. Anything to do with another country's culture or laws.

Think I'll just stick to worrying about my own country's shit as opposed to what other people are doing.

America and gun culture - never again Haha Remembering a moment with people. I can say with confidence I have a great memory but for too long I had friends that would try and manipulate what happened from what I know actually happened. I get along really well with my dad. He and I work together and agree on many things. I lean more left/liberal to his very conservative right. He's a Trump supporter and I'm not, so we NEVER talk politics. It always ends in an argument, so we stay away from that. The typical usage of 'literally'. When my parents insist that I move home instead of moving to the lucrative job offer I have. I understand I have debt. I understand you want to be there if I ever have kids. I understand you are under some strange delusion that I must become a third (or possibly fifth) parent to my nephew when my sister and her husband are more than capable of raising their own son, whom you both somehow feel entitled to raising as well. I understand all of that. However I AM NOT YOUR PUPPET. So I just casually shift the conversation to other topics. Political or religious debates with anyone I have to work with. It's not worth mixing personal ideologies with my professional life. Guy at work who thinks that both evolution and the big bang are false. He also wants to be a quantum physicist... Can't figure out this one Anything political. 
  
Anything the other party is intensely passionate about. Whenever someone refers to something that happened in one of the 54 countries in Africa as "Africa". My first name has a very common nickname (think Jennifer and Jenn) but I much prefer going by my full first name. I've learned over time though that it's just easier to give in to the nickname. The people using the shortened version are just trying to be friendly, and I feel like a dick correcting people. I'm a Christian Pastor and there are two things I don't argue about ... Genesis and Revelation.  Could God have created the world in 6 days just like it says?  Sure, but with the way He has allowed us to understand the universe at least a partial allegory seems far more likely.  Is God going to end the world with several broken scroll seals, that unleash plagues, horsemen, and fiery mountains?  Maybe, but why would Revelation be the only prophetic book in the Bible to be 100% literal?  I just nod and encourage people to at least "understand" other viewpoints from as many angles as possible by studying Hebrew poetry and the mechanics of ancient writing and prophesy. Religion. It's not worth it. Religion 

I'm Catholic, but about half the time I say this on Reddit someone tries to turn me into an atheist.

I've made the mistake of politely saying it won't work. Also, some atheists know more about the bible than me. I once said I never try to convert anyone or stuff like that then some guy cites the first testament saying that a part of the bible is to convert people, then says that this is what "the true colors" of my religion are. If I ask myself "is it worth coming off as a dick to this person and possibly burning a bridge?" and the answer is no, then I let it slide. Any Argument with my mother. Why aren't you giving me grandchildren? Because mom, kids are a lot of responsibility, not like you would know. Arguing about guns. People with too many items in the express check out line. YouTube comments Anything that can be googled. Discussions with obese/unhealthy people about healthy eating, lifestyle, etc. Cause and effect seems to be a difficult concept for them.  "Why do you watch what you eat youre in great shape?"   Additionally, there is so much misinformation out there and so many people looking for reasons why they cant lose weight.  No one wants to hear that you simply have to eat less. Fallout 3 vs Fallout New Vegas. It just isn't worth it anymore. Anything where the person believes or has an opinion on something just because.

You can talk about facts, reasons why someone is wrong or whatever until you're blue in the face. It's all pointless, they are happier believing what they believe and they dont want to change. Eh, I'm not going to even bother.. Everything.

People are too ingrained in their ideals these days for me to bother arguing. It's only when someone I think is open minded to hear things will I tell them and discuss with them my own ideas. But majority of people won't want to hear you discuss this shit and just want an echo chamber. My mother emailing me 'cute' pictures and her right-wing bullshit. Politics with my friends. They're very left I'm pretty right. I just sorta leave it usually Trying to tell someone a goal that I have for myself and hearing about how much better it would be if I plan it the way they think it should be. It's not worth taking the time to justify my choices to someone that doesn't want to listen and be supportive. The existence of God. Anyone who believes will not be swayed by arguments against it. Anyone who does not believe will not be swayed by arguments for it. The whole discussion turns into a double circle jerk almost immediately. When my uncle says he has never associated the confederate flag with racism or slavery. Whenever people go into really fringe cases to disprove your point.

Like if you think abortion should be illegal*, they'll be like "well what about pregnancies resulting from rape???" as if exceptions can't be made to any rule ever.

&nbsp;

*not that I believe this Gun control, homeopathic medicine, vaccination arguments. People have such polarized opinions, neither side has any intention of actually changing their opinion And when I say 'their opinion', I mean 'moving their opinion closer to my opinion' Anything relating to me being trans. 

You think I'm a sicko that mutilated my body? What ever floats your boat. I'm going to try to stop arguing about politics on reddit. I've found it gets me really really angry, and I end up saying some pretty spiteful things while accomplishing nothing. It's not like anyone is going to change their minds, so why spend the next half hour being really mad when there is literally no tangible benefit. Politics and religion. This is a daily occurrence when you're married. Any argument about me being trans... its better for me to just get out of the situation than argue. Arguing would increase my chances of being abused, beaten, or murdered... When dinner doesn't have enough flavor.  No reason to upset the wife just eat it and be happy. Girlfriend: "The wage gap is a huge problem in America!"

Me: "Yep..." All my very sweet hippie dippy friends who talk about astrology, essential oils, vegan food and the healing power of copper jewelery.  I love them, I really do, so I just shut my mouth. Responding to the drama queens and kings on my Facebook feed. My reasons for supporting trump over hillary "exspecially" "You know that's really Obama's fault." The whole "could care less" vs. "Couldn't care less" argument. Arguing with Trump supporters is like banging your head on a brick wall. Trying to explain to rich, white, suburban girls that they are living the life of luxury and are not oppressed or deserve sympathy for their social situation. Hillary vs Trump. Regardless of my preference I just tell people I hate them both. When an iPhone fanboy will bash me about my Android. Dont get me wrong, there are fanboys from both sides, but the cult-Apple-users come at me with a vengeance.

Just let me use the phone I want to use!!!! Pretty much any time someone says "Thank God" in a serious context This whole "Brexit" thing.  
So many people have turned into politicians and bureaucrats in the last couple of weeks it's amazing.    
  
I voted out, therefore I'm a racist, xenophobe who's descended Britain to chaos. then vs than

sometimes you just have to give up and let it go

(I'm looking at you Stacy M) Anything regarding the ACA, which I read word for word and follow very closely due to my work. I usually let my dad's blatant homophobia slide - not always but usually. He's ultra-conservative and I'm fairly liberal. We are both Christian, although I am Episcopalian while he is Baptist (my being Episcopalian is totally unrelated to my view on same-sex persons). Being the liberal, wayward son anything I say is wrong and he will disagree simply because I am the one who asserted it. I'm not sure  if this makes me a pansy or apathetic. People who are voting for Hillary just because she's a woman. I'm excited for this country to go to shit due to the idiots who vote these corrupt politicians in and then complain about things getting worse. My friends very argumentative brother kept saying "undocumented immigrants" instead of "illegal immigrants". 


And completely glossed over the fact that they came here against the law and sending them back would be " heartless... Breaking up families ".

Like I see myself rather middle of the road politically but why the fuck do we have to sugar coat everything?  You came in this country against the law you are " undocumented " for a fucking reason for breaking the law other wise known as doing something **illegal** so why do we need to dance around it?


It is illegal immigrants anything else I find very pandering People confusing percentage and percentage points (PP). I think it's less about the argument itself, and more about who the argument is with. If it's with someone you know is reasonable and usually open to debate, then sure, anything is up for discussion. 

On the other hand, there's no use arguing with someone who's mind is already made up Most arguments Almost anything. I have nothing to prove. Very little in my life outside work is worth being difficult over.

Whether this has anything to do with the fact I'm a criminal barrister (Americans real "trial attorney"), I leave up to you... Most things, really. Life's short, why fight? I always find a debate ender for those who already have the answer before the question is even asked.  I always feel like I have wasted X time from my life when world events is interpreted as "The world is going to end.  I keep telling everyone that." I've gotten into numerous arguments with people when they drop the whole **" well that's how the people in charge want it"** whether those people are the Jews or the Illuminati it really doesn't matter because at that point it's a losing proposition to continue the argument. A compliment that it's actually an insult, provided it is obvious they didn't intend to insult. Religion, sex, and politics Anyone arguing from and for ignorance. As in "Look, I don't need to or want to know anything about physics, I just know that...." I see a lot of people spell definitely, "definately." Could be worse I guess. iPhones / Macs being worth it My foreman constantly fucks everything up that he touches. Its not worth trying to argue about it anymore. I just let him do whatever and then go back and fix it all. My name. 

My job involves answering the phone with "Thank you for calling Companyname, my name is Karsten, how can I help you?"

"Christian?" / "Carson?" / "Thurston?" / etc...

"..sure. How can I help you?" Facebook arguments. If your Facebook wall looks like a political blog, I'm unfollowing you and staying the fuck as far away as possible. The painfully obvious relationship between poverty and negative influences the media likes to try and tie to racism.

In my eyes the damage is already done and the decline is well on its way so I don't argue the point anymore, but I'm pretty sure racism is a far off second compared to the crushing impact of communities and the people within them just not having money. Religion. Religion and politics. People rarely want to discuss opposing views or grey areas most times. You aren't going to change their opinion and arguing won't help. I have had to learn this with my family. about the british system. Some people... When people question my capabilities at my job. I'm very good at what I do, but arguing that fact and explaining my qualifications, intellect, etc. just makes me look like a know-it-all. So I let my work speak for itself, keep my mouth shut, and stay humble. I'm a recent law graduate and some of my friends will try to engage with me regarding their opinion on what laws are "stupid" and need to change and why. Obviously, since they didn't go to law school or even read a book about the topic, they are completely off base in their opinions. 

Whenever this happens I just try to diffuse it and say something like "oh I hate talking shop outside work", etc. The fact is that the situations are usually so nuanced and so dense with complex legal theory and history and ideals that there is no way I can explain it to them in a few minutes at the bar. And even if I could it feels unfair to them because I end up sounding *really* snobby (I feel) because my knowledge is so above and beyond theirs. It's like if a kid challenges you to a quiz ... it doesn't feel fair. Anything related to sexism. More often than not it turns into a shitstorm. Any inflammatory statement on Facebook. People nearly never change their minds online, it's just not worth it. I do make liberal use of the unfriend feature though. Nothing. As a typical Redditor, I love to argue about semantics. Toilet Seat my friends who insist that things about their personalities or the personalities of others are because of their astrological sign, or that their behavior or daily events have to do with planetary or star motion. i just internally sigh and am like "of course." Pretty much anything. I think arguments are only worth having if (a) you care about the person you are arguing with, (b) you know you are right and might be able to change their mind, or (c) you are an awesome fucker with a cock like a hammerhead shark and you are the king and everyone else is just living in your world. When someone cuts in front of me in line. It's usually faster to let them do whatever they have to do than argue why they are a dick so when it happens I look at their backs  incredously and with murder intent for about 2 seconds them calm down and wait. My boyfriend's habit of waiting until the last minute to tell me about plans he's made. Correcting "your" and "there" variants Debating with people IRL about politics ...when they clearly don't have a clue what they're talking about.  Can't have an intelligent conversation with someone who only uses FOX or CNN for "facts". I tend not to argue with the men in my family because they get smug and condescending even when they're blatantly wrong, but getting mad about how disrespectful they are only makes them think they won. Religion here on Reddit LGBT issues with the girlfriend... she's accepts it but doesn't support it whereas I'm bisexual myslef and fully 100% support it. Normally let it slide as we get into a heated debate and she gets upset. My gf leaving her makeup supplies sitting out EVERYWHERE ALL THE TIME. I'll get downvoted, but people with Facebook when it comes to those real hot button issues. Most of my friends are educated, rational people, but a vast minority are the loud, Tumblr-brand issue pushers.
Classic examples I've had to let slide are;
'Black people cant be racist'
'The entire world is only sexist towards women'
'All men are awful, abusive cunts'

I value a friendship, but my viewpoints will quickly burn that bridge if they're brought to light. Matters about religion Converting human years into dog years. Everyone still swears by the strict 7 rule but it's outdated PM's telling me why I'm a shitty person because someone doesn't agree with something I posted in a comment thread. Not worth my energy. In real life, everything. I honestly really dont care about anything enough to argue about it. Unless its something insanely rude or something. Politics, religion, and sports nowadays. The proper usage of whom. Arguing against rumours. Any ism really - people are so unwilling to consider another view that it's a total waste of time. 

I'm in the middle of a "discussion" on feminism in another post and I think it's the last "serious" conversation I'm going to try to have on here. The way reddit is set up (with the down votes) discourages meaningful conversation, which is a shame. I'm too old to post meme's and make jokes about Arrested Development. Any time my senile supervisor decides that a procedure we've been following for *years* is actually **not** the way we've been doing things for years, and thus decides to change the procedure to whatever his feverish imagination has deemed to be the correct way. Arguing with elderly people about racist opinions. They're not going to change their minds but they won't be around long either so I'm not raising my blood pressure over it Games. Board games, pub games, video games, sports, etc. Concede and the game will be more fun for everyone. Less bickering, more playing. Half the shit my mom says. It's really shitty because one of my golden rules is that I will always inquire and allow somebody to explain themselves if they say something that comes off as really stupid/mean, instead of just silently judging them.

 But not with my Mom, I've learned that the things she says are every bit as retarded, and often times only get more so, when she tries to explain/debate with me.

All of these should be read as though they are the final sentence of somebody's argument. As though they are a real zinger, and very clever, because that's the amount of confidence in which these phrases are spoken. These are literally just from the past week:

>"The irony is not lost on me that we lost your social security card when you interviewed at Dunkin' Donuts."

Referring to the fact that she saw somebody that looked like a Muslim working there. Has absolutely no idea what the word 'irony' means or how it's meant to be used.


> "She[my younger sister attending college far away] calls me crazy when I told her that I can sense when things go wrong. Last week I got a bad feeling and look what happened! A huge storm hit her college. Don't tell me I can't sense it." 

The storm hit days after she told us about her 'bad feeling' and nothing bad came of the it.

>"Go ahead and not say hi to me at a party. All you're doing is showing your ignorance."

Referring to the fact that somebody forgot/didn't go out of their way at a party to find her and say hi. In her mind everyone in the younger generation owes it to her generation to come up to everyone of them(I have a huge family) and say hi. Lest they be considered rude( or the obvious synonym to rude, ignorant.) Brexit. I've had diehard conservatives begin ranting about how Obama is a secret Muslim, The shooting in Orlando didn't really happen, etc.

The only things I'll do is nod, Or say "I don't know" and just let the subject die on its own. Facebook. Just in general. Never worth it. Most anything, be it on the internet or real life. I don't know if it's wisdom or lazyness, but I don't feel like there's a point in arguing, especially when I'm not the best at it. My old boss who claims to be an expert on everything.  Such a bullshitter.  Even when I know he's wrong like,  "oh really?  That's fascinating,  I didn't know dogs hibernate for 3 months a year".  He will argue with you till you just give up and you both look like an asshole. Android vs iPhone. 
For me who loves freedom of file copying & open source software Android is amazing. But it's not worth arguing to an idiot who thinks iPhone is better just because Apple makes it. Dude smudged my Pumas Honestly, pretty much any controversial topic: abortion, religion, politics, marijuana legalization, and all that jazz.  Most people refuse to change their views and arguing is pointless. Witchcraft/Superstition and the like. It's exhausting trying to explain to someone who believes in them why you don't without making them feel foolish. Any discussion that begins with someone IRL parroting an opinion that's currently popular on the internet, but pretending it's an original thought. When a superior (either at work or in a social setting) pronounces Porsche "Porsh" instead of "Por-sha." I want to correct people so they don't sound like ignorant assclowns but sometimes I just grit my teeth and walk away. "Communism sucks because North Korea and USSR suck."  
  
Or any derivative thereof. Its gotten to the point where I'll just post a wiki link and move on. Most things like politics, racism, sexism etc. A lot of my friends are "right wing"* while I am very left wing. I simply can't be bothered anymore. But I do think it's funny how a lot of them will be voting for the left wing parties next election because our current government is turning everything to shit. 

*I'm Norwegian and our right wing is miles to the left of Americas or Englandos politicians. When people pick on me for being a large guy. I get it, I've got some extra bulk, but I'm proud of it. I wear it like a badge; it serves as my insulation and my protection (not sexually, don't worry). I usually don't bother if the person always thinks they're right. Messi v Ronaldo "debates" I try my hardest to let a lot slide because a lot of things just aren't worth the time. Everyone has a different story, different experiences and different expectations of their world. No two people are the same, everyone is going to differ in some way. My girlfriend always accuses me of looking at other girls. Pisses me off, but I just ignore it now. Anything to do with grammar. Whenever older people, mainly my parents, start going off on how computers/technology is ruining the world or society or something along those lines. I try not to argue about anything anymore. Mainly because, well.. People get offended by EVERYTHING these days. There's a russian woman at my work who, every time the moon comes up, makes sure to remind everyone that America faked it.

Its so hard not to say anything. The sugar rush myth.  I've tried explaining it in the past and the answer is always "well MY kid definitely acts different when they get it".  No shit, you're building it up to them and you expect to see a change in behavior.  Just smile and nod now... I'm a bridesmaid for a girl that I don't like anymore. we were okay friends in middle and high school, but she's super religious and I'm not. any time she gets on her high horse about premarital sex (she honestly thinks she won at life because her and her fiance are both "virgins") and encourages me to stop being a heathen I just revert to "oh that's crazy" not-actually-listening responses. the wedding is in august and I'm cutting her out of my life afterwards. bitch ain't better than me just cuz she does everything except P to V. Calling me the wrong name. I've been called a slight variation of my name more times than I can count, and I just dont give a shit anymore. Not since kindergarten I'll always try to avoid conspiracy theorists who are dedicated in proving that every mass shooting was a hoax.

Just a big WASTE of time.

Trust me. Anti-Brexxers Astrology.

I know it's fake and I think lower of people that believe in it but I'm not going to tell them they're wrong because they'll probably just say "that's because you're a capricorn and your opinion is meaningless." Anything racist. Racism, in my opinion,  is a primitive way of thinking. If your life is so insignificant that you're gonna let something meaningless like someone's race and/or skin color throw your entire day off and close your mind, then I'm not gonna bother arguing with you over something so minute. I'm just gonna pity you and let you wonder the Earth in your own ignorance and stupidity. Literally half the conversations I have with one of my sisters. She is the kind who is always right, and if you argue with her or dispute a fact, she will dig in deeper. It's just not worth it. She takes it as a personal attack. She and I are not close, mainly because I have fallen out of favor with her, so it's just easier/less hassle for me to just not engage. My husband doesn't load the dish washer the way I like, and he doesn't out the stuff on our bathroom counter back in their respective places in the organizers I set up... So I just do those things. He doesn't like the way I set the thermostat, so he takes care that. Bizarre beliefs about politics. For example a woman in my office believes there won't be an election because Obama will implement martial law and take over the country. Said the same thing in 2012. Instead of arguing, I just offered  to bet her money that there would be an election. She didn't take me up on it. Roughly 50% of the time it's the mundane shit people seem to want to argue with me about. 

But 50% of the time it's me realising I'm trying to start an argument about some mundane shit so I just give up on it.

I'm paradoxical in the respect that I fucking hate arguing with people and bickering, but I'm so vehemently stubborn about my convictions that I'll argue and bicker with people even in spite of myself anyway. Especially when I'm provably, demonstrably, in the right on the matter but the other stubborn cunt wants to have it out with you anyway. For me, it all comes down to whether they have a point. If they do, I'll listen. If they don't, I'll just mock and troll them for my own amusement. The reactions that I get from that make it all worth it. My grandma has very strong political opinions that I find nonsense and sometimes offensive... but I let it go because I know it won't take us anywhere and I kind of understand why she thinks that way, I just nod and try to bring up another topic. Literally everything my boss assumes about data.

No matter how much I explain it to him he has an idea of what it should be and that's the answer. My girlfriend knowingly eats foods that make her sick because they taste good. When people say they are agnostic... Well that is great that you don't claim to have **knowledge** about this topic but we were talking about **belief**.. 

Knowledge and Belief are not mutely exclusive. Who would win Goku or Superman? Self-righteous actions. Beautiful graffiti is still vandalism. Stealing from billionaires is still theft. You are not entitled to ad-free content. Your enemies are entitled to the same rights and freedoms.

Essentially, every time people ignore "your freedom ends where others' rights begin", the resulting argument will be a bunch of extreme hyperboles, slippery slope fallacies and name calling. The rise of pricey, "all natural" cleaning and beauty products. I'm not sure why people prefer ingesting small amounts of tea tree oil and corn salts (whatever that is) instead of good old fashioned chlorine. If it's safe enough for tap water and swimming pools, it's safe enough for counter tops! Most things... Anytime someone is making a point about a topic I don't like or follow (politics, religion). I usually just go with it and listen. No point in arguing my point in this case. The bullshit people feed me Apple and Android. I just can't be bothered to get into the debate of why "apple is so shit" and crap. The second you bring up anything that apple excels at, you're deemed an asshole and wrong. Friend of mine is a software engineer and almost had a stroke when I said Apple does things extremely well and in some ways, better than android. Narrow minded people are the worst sometimes. Just incase anyone is wondering, I've used Apple, Android, and am currently using a Lumia 950 so I've seen it all now. Anything having to do with religion or politics. 

Usually those people are not open to new ideas or opinions that are not their own and will usually argue with anything BUT logic. How my name is pronounced. To be honest, most things. I don't like arguments and usually I just keep to myself I used to argue with religious people, now I don't even bother as I've relised that many of them simply ignore reason. The Second Amendment. It's pretty obvious what its intent was but I'll be damned if I argue about it anymore. My mother's stance on mothers day. "I deserve it" no, you don't, you were and are a terrible mother and person. Arguments about different religions. 

I'm too lazy to even elaborate... Paranormal arguments. Honestly, that's on you whether or not you believe in ghosts. This girl the other day got all self-righteous about being afraid of the dark because she said she'd seen the 'shadow people' and I just rolled my eyes. Wise choice on my part, because this one kid argued with her and-pardon my French-triggered the absolute Frick out of her. Most typical reddit arguments. Anything dealing with feminists, political retards, or hipster millenial teens That all muslims are murders and terrorists. They usually respond, "Ever heard of isis? Like duh." Like, no. That Aspartame is a super dangerous "chemical" that causes cancer and every other ailment in the world. When someone uses a rule in the bible to justify their hatred for certain groups of people. 

I used to get a kick out of pointing out other rules in the bible that they were obviously not following--and I seriously had a list prepared with verses to back it up. Then I realized that this was quite pointless and that changing the subject was actually a quicker way to shut the topic down. I got kind of into it with someone who was advocating for using different illegal drugs as treatment for prevalent conditions. They had shit sources that had even worse 'longitudinal studies'. Sorry, 2 people after 10 years isn't going to cut it. Turns out they are the type that thinks drugs solve every problem and it's always big pharma and some conspiracy. Wasn't going to get through to them and decided to not bother. Unfortunately they are still spreading misinformation and they apparently don't give a shit about ethics. The earth is flat I don't even bother arguing if someone isn't open to another viewpoint or hasn't read anything against their position.  Seems they just logged into "I'm right.com" and here we are, me finding a way to exit this situation like a ninja. Grammar mistakes with things like "he and I". When someone says Chomping at the Bit. 

I let it slide because the alternative is looking like a pompous ass. Also, I'm positive I mispronounce other words and phrases. The other day I was flying out of the airport I work at and I went through the employee line at the security checkpoint, which doubles as the line for military members on orders. The TSA Agent, despite me wearing my crew uniform and holding my ID badge, told me I couldn't use that line as I wasn't military.

The regular TSA line was maybe 5 people long, well under 10 minutes. I just sucked it up and went through the line for all the plebes, it surely wasn't worth the hassle of telling him he was wrong. When people blame me for my type 1 diabetes... The ignorance of some people is astounding. gif vs gif Anything one of my brothers says. Today's example was 'slavery doesn't exist' yup. Well, every time I do something "gay" around my parents, it leads to an argument, me re-coming out to them, then another argument...sigh. I'll just keep my gay mouth shut for now explaining reality to console gamer fucktards who believe lies they heard at E3.

i should, anyway. In my friend group we always have this argument on who were the original members of the group. My friends I've had longer swear that they formed the group first, but my newer friends say it wasn't the same group until we started hanging out with them. I can't bring myself to care, but it's always fun to hear them argue anout a good 40% of my interactions with my mother Politics with my family. (I'm a liberal agnostic, they're conservative Christians) Religion related debates. Just leave me alone neither side of the debate will win. People saying a incorrect fact is a opinion, likewise people who don't pronounce anything proberly but we're born into a family that speaks English well When people say Venmo is "better" than Google Wallet. That's totally subjective. You could even make an argument that since Venmo shows the world who you're sending money to, it's less secure and therefore a "worse" money transferring platform.
It drives me absolutely insane but most people don't care about security. Literally everything. I never want to argue because it's not worth it This burger/sandwich looks like shit, and doesn't have half the ingredients it's pictured with on the menu.

I just don't go there again. Anything having to do with bronies or furries.  Yes, I like both.  No, I'm not a nut job and no that isn't the only facet of my personality. Some arguments with my toddler. The important stuff? I'm not backing down. Tantrum all you want, kid.

But if she wants to wear her Doc McStuffins outfit over her Chewbacca outfit to nursery, not the shorts and top I've picked out, or there's the odd night she refuses her nice healthy dinner or she wants to just chill out and watch some TV after a tough day playing even though I'm offering a story, fine. Arguing with people why Android is better than iPhone (or vice versa). Could of 

Should of The spelling of my name. Humble-bragging and one-upping in conversation has always been something to set me off so I've just had to let it slide among some people in my social circle. Trump is a racist! Fights with roommates Bad pronunciation Sometimes I do have honest ethical concerns about journalism related to my hobbies. I find myself giving up before things get started because the argument isn't worth it multiple times per day. I've given up on arguing to my friends that black isn't a color because they refuse to agree with me 100%. Anything my mother says..... SD vs HD Brexit. Reasons the 'vote leave' campaign are wrong. Anything that can be debunked by Snopes.com.  For some reason the Right loves to claim it's Liberal. When my coworker tells me that he thinks being gay is a choice. When someone is ranting about something, but you don't really agree. They are just annoyed and don't really want your input, most of it are emotions anyway. They'll calm down eventually

"the teacher won't raise your grade? yeah that sucks." Anything to do with cars. I have a huge passion for cars and always have. I spend a good deal of my time researching various things about them, and so I've built up a decent knowledge on the subject. The amount of misinformation people spout is incredible though, and everyone's an expert.

If I hear something blatantly wrong I might challenge them; "Oh but I thought I read blank was actually blank?", knowing full well that I'm 100% correct, but trying to frame the correction in a nice way. If they come back; "No, no it's definitely blah blah blah.", I just generally say; "Oh hmmm, didn't know that", drop the subject, and try to redirect the conversation. People financing or (worst) leasing cars in new condition. So fucking stupid on so many levels yet people are more convinced about it being the right choice than believing that the sky is blue. As I've gotten older I ungulate between being shameless in calling someone an idiot for saying something dumb, and just plain ignoring it completely. 

I pick my battles, but when I battle them I tend to be quite blunt. Asking my roommate to do anything. I'm a fairly liberal guy who works in politics, for the Youcanprobablyguess Party. This leads people to think I care to engage in political debate at bars, parties, family events, etc. 

Nope. Here to drink my beer and talk about Game of Thrones like everyone else. irl - almost everything, unless i'm drunk

on my computer - nothing The number of times that people will praise or criticize a SCOTUS decision without even reading the Court's opinion, much less any dissenting opinions. 

It's infuriating for people to blindly like the Court's decision (and, critically, the underlying reasoning) when they don't even know why the Court "agrees with them." Iphone vs android Anything that the person is not in a mindset to think about and consider, but instead is just thinking of their response every time you move to speak. When that happens I don't waste my breath. I'm a Canadian with Progressive Conservative political views leaning centrist. One of my best friends is an American and hardcore Republican. He and I often discuss politics, especially gun culture. But neither of us let it go too far and often just laugh it off and agree to disagree. Our friendship is built on much more than just politics and there's no point ruining a good relationship over one opinion. My husband's drinking :/ When people bring up "starvation mode"... argh. Just let it slide. Power trip mods. I was on a forum once (non reddit) that had a RIDICULOUS amount of rules for everything. Typing around the "Censors" was a bannable offense.  The thing is, sometimes typing around things like writing "fark" instead of "fuck" is just using slang, or typing f*** instead of letting the censor take care of it was ALL punishable. I got sent a notice that I got a warning. I immediately replied back and said I was sorry and didn't realize. Got another response back DOESN'T MATTER WARNING STILL STANDS. Like they thought I was arguing with them and this was their only chance in the world to exercise authority over someone else. 

It still rubs me wrong to this day. I don't even post there anymore as a result, but I wish sometimes I'd gone out in a blaze of fiery glory and told them to off in the most disrespectful furious way possible. Instead I settled on backing off because my blood pressure just wasn't worth it. I'm politically conservative and have accepted that arguing on the Internet never changes anyone's views. Every action ever committed by murderer/cannibal/serial killer/criminal is directly related to their playing of VIDEO GAMES. When they say I'm "addicted" to heroin. I can't stop anytime I want. Anything about 9/11 being an inside job. Its not worth arguing, one way or another. People believe what they want to, on both sides of that argument. Some people are so dim that any argument with them isn't worth it. Anything political, religious or racial.   Sometimes I fall off the boat if a particular comment is particularly inflammatory, but generally I steer away from those conversations. Piss on the toilet seat. So recently I've been really depressed and letting my emotions and stuff out on fb, and everyone who doesn't understand what I'm going through just tells me to be not so sad. But then there is, let's call her E, E has all the best intentions for me and lives me so much. But she's like fxkmehxrder you are so beautiful and so much to give to the world, and you shouldn't be so sad. And I just don't tell her that's not how this goes so she won't argue with me, I just respond with ok and she kisses me on the forehead and continues talking. Anything with my girlfriend. So nearly everything with my girlfriend. 

Edit for second sentence "Black people cant be racist"

Kek Everything me and my wife argue about. Talking politics with family Anything with my best friend. Our friendship isn't worth an argument. He thinks the same thing and that's why we never argue. My father's intense hatred of Obama. 
Yes dad, I'm sure Obama is the ONLY president to have ever not saluted to a Veteran after passing by them.

Yes He's obviously the reason your heart surgeries and medication cost so much. 
He's usually so sound and reasonable but he just hates anything with a label 'Democrat' on it. Politics is just something I will never discuss with family or friends. Rant to me about it but don't expect me to respond. So many things from my last relationship, she started more than enough fights and I usually wasn't keen to start another. Obviously that didn't work out Anti-vaxxers. They're already so convinced that vaccines are dangerous they won't even listen to simple facts, everything is part of the conspiracy to vax everyone. Arguing about religion in real life. Religion, 
whether you believe or not, I don't care, cause that's not what makes you a good person. I'm a teacher and "my mum/dad/nan told me that X is Y" is my biggest block. I think the post-education adult equivalent used to be "some bloke at the pub told me", but is now " I read it online". Maybe someone has mentioned this topic already, but, I work for a mobile vaccination clinic for dogs and cats. We do good work. We have had 2 vaccine reactions (out of thousands of pets vaccinated) and managed to save/revive/help the pet. No pet has passed away on my shift. Ever. 
My mother in law is a hardcore anti-vaxxer. She has told me to my face that I work for the enemy. Sigh, I let it go and nod my head because arguing facts with someone like her is just insane. No matter what I say, she will have some ridiculous argument against it. It's just not worth it. anybody talking about trump or hilary Proof of a higher power. Some people "hear his voice" or something and that's all the proof they need. To me, that sounds preposterous.


And what pisses me off is when they're like "I don't judge people for not believing. I just hope he has mercy on your soul". Sounds pretty fucking judgemental to me. Most anything a person strongly believes isn't worth it. 

Religion? Politics? Abortion? Homosexuality? Marriage? Drugs? Prison system? Welfare?

 If they bring up a subject and state a strong opinion confidently with no hesitation, I accept that I alone will not be able to change their mind. Oppositional, negative people.  I know this guy who will say the opposite of what you say, even if it doesn't make sense.  He says he "loves debate".  I say he has ODD. Both debates about iOS vs. Android and Xbox vs. Playstation just makes me want to vomit and I never parttake in them, even though they are some of my biggest interests. Literally everything that happens at work. Everything. When I was in my 20s I would get really invested in arguments with coworkers and friends. After many years I realized the fact of my coworkers having different opinions or being completely delusional wasn't really important, certainly not to the point of getting worked up about it, especially since people (both genders) almost always argue from emotion and not logic. Later I realized that there's really no reward to arguing with friends or relations either. It just doesn't matter. Don't do it. Mostly every argument because my time is better spent doing something I actually enjoy. Debate sure but if it turning into a screaming match I'm out If people are angling to screw me over.

I just don't bother, immediately leave the conversation, cut of all contact from them (and any of their cronies), and (most importantly) take back any of my work that led to their false sense of confidence. 

Scorched Earth. 

Then, when they inevitably somehow want my help again, tough luck. Roommates not doing the dishes penguins on ice When people thank god or offer prayers.  So completely useless and backwards, but they think they mean well, so... My last name is pronounced as if it has an "O" instead of an "A" sound.  However an unreasonably high amount of people want to dispute this for some ungodly reason...

Now I just go with whatever and don't give a shit. Telling my drug addict little brother that it's not okay to come to my house messed up on drugs.  I usually just avoid him when he comes over. I've tried fighting him on the issue but he just gets even more irrate when I point out that he's doing something wrong. When someone lets on that they believe in Creation.

Edit: I'm talking about literal 7-day Genesis Creation. political dialogue with most trump supporters

also
most conversations with my manager When people call Daenerys Khaleesi. Generally, anything to do with my wife. I've learned over the years that it's actually better to be WRONG than be RIGHT. She accepts as fact that I'm not perfect. She accepts as fact that SHE'S not perfect. She CANNOT accept someone, particularly a man, witnessing her imperfection. North Americans really are just unbelievably bad at video games. After about 2 decades of gaming, some competitive gaming etc. I just don't bother anymore. I rarely use voice or text chat in games because it just isn't worth the effort. 

Too underskilled to receive advice, too convinced they're God's gift to gaming to get better. Oh well. Whether Xbox One or PS4 is superior. At the end of the day I'll get whatever my friends are getting. Anything my ex (then girlfriend) said about her ex.  Either I agreed with her and called him a dick for what he had done and then I got the "you just don't understand why he does the things he does" or I agree with what he did and got the "you men always stick together!" Either way, after a few of those, whenever she would mention him, I would change the subject ASAP. When people mispronounce or misspell words. when someone says "time goes quickly" or "time goes slowly" Almost everything. Anything Paul at work says... Whatever, Paul... Just go back to being useless and let us talk - we don't need to hear from the peanut gallery. I avoid discussions about various topics with highly irrational people. If a person believes in destiny, numerology, horoscopes and that our name defines our character I nope out of there in no time. There is nothing to gain and it will be a waste of time. Currently, two of my housemates are fasting for Ramadan, they're up at night cooking and chatting and making noise.

They're not making excessive noise, it's the same noise level I make during the day, it's just that the walls in this place are paper thin and it's at night time.

Sure, I could say something, but like I said they're not being excessively loud, it's our crappy apartment. 

I'm moving out in 3 days so creating tension over it really isn't worth it. I've got my earplugs and calming youtube playlists to help cancel the noise. Nothing 3.2 beer vs 6 point... When my SO or our roommate leave wet towels all over the house, everywhere except on the hooks in the bathroom. It's not a big enough deal for me to get upset, but constantly having to hang them up myself or finding the damp spots they leave behind gets tiring. Not necessarily an argument, but I don't bother to correct people who post "looking for advise" on Reddit due to the sheer number of times it happens and the likelihood it will continue into the future with many non native english writers on this site.  


Still irks me though and I'm not sure why because there are many other drafting errors I could care less about.  Maybe because I frequent many diy/advice subreddits. I realized a long time ago that you cannot successfully argue for or against someone liking or hating something. My friend will never enjoy the film Mars Attacks, no matter how I describe to him the brilliance of it. He will not suddenly have a ding! moment and say, "you know what, you're right. That Tom Jones ending was pure art. Thanks for arguing with me about it." I have a few friends that I mostly only talk to over text who try to goad me into talking about their conspiracy theories and others about their stances on gun control, neither of which are topics that fan the flame of our friendships, so I politely opt out of the conversation and just stop replying to those texts. 

Even if I'm just cohesively showing them the facts and explaining my point of view on the matter, it's a moot topic. They're stuck in their ways and my time and energy will have been wasted arguing about some shit I didn't really care that much about to begin with. Whether or not it's the man's duty to both lift the seat prior to peeing as well as to re-adjust the seat in the down position subsequent to aforementioned pee activity.  I'm of the opinion that everyone should be responsible for their seat arrangement, but failing that, at most, men should be responsible for only one or the other in terms of seat positioning.   I will lift before I pee, as necessary, if she puts the seat down before she sits, as needed -OR- I'll put the seat down for her after I pee if she lifts the seat for me when she's done.  Sound good?

But alas, it's completely up to me to lift, pee, flush, drop whilst her job is to sit, check Facebook. Religion. Calling people out for embellishing or just outright lying.  I have a buddy who...lets just say he never lets the truth get in the way of a good story.  I've heard him describe events to others in my presence and clearly forget that I was with him when those events occurred.  Rather than correct him I choose to just let it slide and make a mental note to take everything he says with multiple grains of salt.  Most of the time the confrontation just isn't worth it. Religion. Unless you are asking a question to further understanding, it's a pointless discussion. People who say expresso. I know what you mean, it's not going to hinder our conversation, but you're a fucking moron. Everything I talk with my wife about The firearms issue in the US... regardless of which side of the argument there is just no point... Our dog is a black lab mix. We don't know what the father was. He has Rottweiler-like markings on his face and paws, but we're 95% sure it's not Rottweiler. People constantly insist he's part Rotty, and we just say, "sure" to avoid the discussion when you try to explain something to a hard headed person that thinks they are right because that's just how they believed it for their whole life, I just stop talking to them, keep living your lie Tumblr most people don't realize that almost 100% of things are not worth fighting/arguing over. People would save themselves a lot of anguish if they just learned to let things go. Suprised there isnt a comment about online gamming.

I play League for example and theres a 99% chance arguing with your team about 'someones a feeder' or 'deserve to die from cancer' because they took a minion wave or jungle buff. People have bad games or get camped and these small things can snowball the enemy, arguing with them will only either tilt them or cause them to think "Id rather lose than give this shitty teamate a win".

Often time, both parties spend all their apm on arguing than actually playing.. I'm working in the service industry over this summer, so I'll just go ahead and say general stupidity. Only been working 2 months and I already have plenty of stories. That my wife is an idiot
*Edited a word Jesus Fucking Christ 2nd order terms. Because I'm an engineer Well I don't really  go so far as to throw a propane tank into a fire if someone suggests the earth is flat. This would be an example I let slide.

http://www.metronews.ca/news/ottawa/2016/06/14/debate-about-shape-of-earth-leads-to-fire-in-brockville.html Flat earthers, global warming deniers, fundamentalists. Pretty much everything. Where I'm from. I was born and raised in Texas but don't have a Texas accent. People will ask where I'm from and when I say Texas they argue that I'm actually from Wisconsin or Washington. I've stopped correcting them Nearly everything. I pretty much only argue if I know for sure I am right. when people say tea absorbs iron from your body .. Nowadays, anything about fitness. It's not worth my time to explain that there's no such thing as "toning" or that you can lose fat easily by drinking detox juices. People are lazy and want an easy way out, call me when you start eating healthy and become more active people being douchebags. They have an issue and an argument is not going to fix it. Literally most all of them. You can't die on every hill Religion and politics mostly.

I used to try to explain to people when and how they were using fallacious arguments - but that just led them to argue with me more - generally using more fallacious arguments.

The amount of people that can't seem to be even able to grasp what a fallacy consists of is way too goddamn fucking high.

Grown adults that I explain it to them, they blink, then say the SAME FUCKING THING AGAIN as if it went in one ear and out the other.

And my mom and Dad do it ALL THE TIME - it drives me fucking nuts.  "We can't let the gays get married or people will start having sex with farm animals!"  um ya..... no...... Pointless Parking tickets.

Even if the ticket was stupid and you paid for it already, bringing it to court is pointless and will cost you more for lawyer fees, etc On Reddit, religion. I'm religious, and honestly, arguing with militant anti-theists here just isn't worth it. Pronouncing GIF the correct way, which is JIF Politics with a friend of mine who grew up very well off and doesn't understand some policies from one party negatively impact poor people and not rich. I see people trying to give others crap about the use of the word "literally" and how it isn't being used right. I used to feel compelled to point out that at a certain point, the dictionary definition of the word was actually updated to mean virtually or in effect, but people don't care. Anything with my grandmother Any argument involving Final Fantasy XIII. Idk how many people here play Final Fantasy/ have played this game, but I can easily sit and point out all of the horrible things about this game for hours. I usually just let it go because it's too damn much to type. Other people's interest in music. It's not worth arguing about.

The thing is, everyone always say stuff like "*Wow, you don't listen to Drake? Let me stand here for an hour and tell you how much better he is than whatever you have playing*."

Let me listen to what *I* want. If I want to listen to Oxygene instead of Bad Blood by Taylor Swift, that should be *my* choice. Blatantly ignorant opinions. Because what will they defend their position with? Sudden, blinding brilliance? Compelling evidence supporting their statement? Nah. about 30% of the comments I type, I don't hit save because it's not worth arguing over. A lot of things my grandmother says. I love her dearly but she has a lot of opinions on things that are, frankly, backwards as hell. I just nod and change the subject. Libertarianism, especially anarcho-capitalist folk.  Basically if you say Statist I'm not likely to bother with you. Although I discuss politics ad-nauseum, I now have a policy that I won't argue about gun control. Even compared to other political topics, this is a live wire. I have yet to see any discussion of gun control that hasn't degenerated into bad feelings all around. People get way too emotional about their guns. A *lot* of Facebook posts that use bad information or faulty logic. The worst is sometimes they're making points I do agree with, but they do it so badly I want to call out all their errors. Anything that has to do with sports Almost anything as I try to avoid any altercations with anyone The thermostat. Housemates are thermostat nazis. 72 is fine, just leave it there. anything my girlfriend argues about. it really doesn't matter because i end up right 85% of the time Pronunciation of my name. Eh, close enough I let my work superiors slide with any opinion regarding politics/economics... When someone tells me they're against abortion because they think it's murder.

I can see their argument, I just disagree with it on a fundamental level... which therefore leads me to believe that people should have the right to choose (even though I personally wouldn't have an abortion). But if someone believes something is murder, then they aren't going to change their mind no matter what. My mom has been determined to get me and my boyfriend to marry and have kids. Neither one of us wants kids.

I went to Target with her a few months ago because she wanted these specific shoes, and when we found out they didn't have them anymore, she dragged me up and down the aisles - This is the crib I would get you when you have a kid, I want a daughter btw, and these clothes would look so cute!

She texted me on Mother's Day and said that she hopes she gets to hold a grandbaby before she dies. She texted me on the Leap Year day informing me that on Leap Year, the girl proposes to the guy. "You have twelve more hours!"

I just chuckle, because the one time I was like "Maybe you should encourage my brother to have kids," she launched into this speech about how I was the older sibling and she wants to have grandbabies before she dies and I'm not getting any younger and blah blah. Volume on the radio. I have to have it as an even number, or a multiple of 5. My new gf likes odd numbers so I told her my car my rules, and farted while looking her in the eye. She hasn't challenged me on the volume since then Climate deniers. If you would take a 3-97 bet when the potential loss is the habitability of the planet, then you're either stupid, grossly uninformed about a supremely important issue, or stuck in the Fox News bubble. None of which makes me want to know you. I usually let my left nut slide out to assert dominance Middle-aged and upwards people talking about how easy it is to find a job so long as you just hand out CVs. It's easy to have been a manager/director/VP/whatever for 20 years and say finding a job ain't hard when you got that job when the Internet was in its infancy. gif/"jif" argument.

I say jif but it really doesn't matter. Anything I disagree with on facebook. Usually politics, sometimes just blatant stupidity(I.E. Posting those copy-paste legal things as your status that say facebook can't take any of your stuff). I typed out a comment complaining about my friend chewing loudly but deleted it because I don't care enough The same shit that my wife usually gets on my case about. fast food. I remember a time when you could order your menu item as a small/medium/large meal and you recieved your item with a French fry and drink of your selected size. I cannot get less than a medium 10 piece nugget meal anymore and if I try I will be argued with and eventually told no. 

today at McDonalds.

me: Hi can I have a medium 6 piece meal with a dr. pepper?

cashier: sorry you can only have a 6 piece and a small fry.

m: can I get a small meal? 

c: no the 6 piece only comes as the small fries and nuggets. you can get a medium 10 piece meal. 

m:what about a small 10 piece meal?

c: no medium is the smallest size for that meal. 

I don't want that much shit though, I should be able to order s/m/l of anything on the menu and it shouldn't be a huge conversation. like the dude knew exactly what I wanted when I said it and if he keyed it in individually and it all came out I wouldn't have given a shit that it was charged individually. I just want what I want and I want it to be simple that's apparently a lot to ask from fast food. At times, my fianc?e will worry about other people like 110% more than me. For example, the other night we were going out to a bar and she had a friend from out of town. The friend had no boy with her, so she (fianc?e) got mad when I tried to dance with her. Then one of her other friends got all pissy with everyone because something probably happened earlier in the day, so she vented about it and got pissed too, pretty much making the night no fun. I know that she cares a lot about me and I also knew if I were to say "what about me?" it would be bad, so I support her. It happens more than I would like, but it's not nearly a constant thing. 

Also, I think she knows when she does it because within 24 hours I get a damn good blowjob. Religion with my family. No one is changing anyone else's mind. Anything related to politics or religion. Complete waste of my time. Any sort of console debate. voting for Trump. It has reached the point with his behavior and constant stream of BS that trying to have a reasonable debate about the facts is reduced to them screaming "He's going to make America great again!" and I'm contemplating if violence is really not an answer. Every time I see someone misuse "to" for "too" or vice versa on reddit. My Penis People getting my job description wrong. I'm a maintenance guy, but after that, I do lunch. I work at Arby's and there's this chick that just doesn't understand. Thinks I scrub backline every day and tried to use that to get out of scrubbing. I'll just let other people shut her down, I'm never in the mood at 7:30-8 in the morning. Any time my mom talks about new age floating orb bullshit. She starts fights over the most benign shit, so I don't need to be adding another one to the list. People who say they're "allergic" to anything they don't like. When ever my friends talk about ghosts or spirits, or "I have a feeling that someone died in this place". People who deny the existence of UFO's. God "Tai Lopez is going to make me a billionaire!"

-My roomate This is probably something relatively minor, but I get unnaturally upset if someone calls the meal that is eaten around 12pm something other than "lunch". I used to vehemently defend that it was called lunch and nothing else, but now it's no longer worth the argument. Whenever people say that racism doesn't exist, and black people have the same opportunities and treatment as white people. Most arguments Almost everything. Arguing is tiring as fuck and the majority of the time you aren't going to change anyone's opinion Back when I was a barissta and customers requested an extra shot of 'expresso' in their drinks. It got even worse when we added Strawberry [a?a? ](https://youtu.be/hirmpTR5rFI) refreshers to our menu. I love my dad and think he's a great man, but one thing that bugs me about him is that sometimes he makes these slightly racist comments about black people. The thing is, he's not racist towards all black people. These comments are always directed toward "ghetto" black people. For a while I tried to get him to stop making those comments, but I realized it was not going to happen. It hurts me whenever I hear him make these little comments, but at the same time I know arguing with him will get me no where and isn't worth it. When I offer facts that support my argument, one of two responses will make me just give up. 

1) Said facts are simply ignored. Either by simply continuing as though I'd never said anything, or with a statement to the effect of "I don't care what your so-called facts/experts say! I finished eighth grade and I know what I'm talking about!" 

2) Offering "alternative" facts, which are absolutely not facts. I will make maybe one attempt to correct absolutely wrong information, but if the person sticks to their guns I'm out. If someone cites InfoWars or the Food Babe as a reference, you might as well be debating the existence of elves and unicorns. 

You can't present a logical case against someone who doesn't recognize the basic rules of logic, nor can you logically accept their non-logical argument. 

Edit: Bonus for #1 is when facts are discounted because they contradict with a person's subjective "common sense." Just because something kinda *sounds* sensible doesn't make it the least bit accurate, especially when compared with actual data. Since last Friday, anything to do with the EU referendum. I just can't take the pointless bickering/gloating between fuckwits in my office anymore. Anything. Usually I'll just say something along the lines of: "I don't agree, but I can see where you're coming from." It gives the other person the sense of validation they're looking for without compromising myself. Religion and Politics with people irl. Nope. Whether or not pineapple belongs on pizza. Anything mom says. My s/o not cleaning up nearly as often as she should. She's little, cute and innocent (no, she's not 9 years old), but she knows how to keep a house cleaner than it is. Or so I thought... When people say something inaccurate or ignorant about my religion. 

I'm not going to convince them in the small amount of time that I have, so I just smile and nod politely. Feminism delivering false data and statistics. I don't like that, even though it's for a noble cause. When someone says something about how the wage gap isn't real. I know their opinion isn't based in fact or reason, so trying to argue it with fact or reason is pointless, so I just catalog in my head "This person is kind of sexist" and try to move the conversation along. My dad is huge into Trump. I luckily only see him a few times a year so on the rare occasions that I do, I've learned to change the subject. Trump supporters telling me I'm wrong.

No point in arguing with a wall. (See what I did there?) Whenever a Green's supporter mate says something silly and idealistic. Political correctness.  If you think everybody is too sensitive these days and needs to suck it up like you do - you will never understand why somebody is offended by something you're not. As a non-confrontationalist, everything on the internet and almost everything in person. Vegans nowadays. Can't really be bothered talking about each other's diets anymore. Any arguments against people who are unable/unwilling to listen and think. Usually religion. Debates about religion are just like beating your head against a wall. When I hold the door for someone and they don't acknowledge it. Anything religious. I'm fine with everyone having their own beliefs, I don't see the point in arguing about whose is better or more right. How much I despise [The Wheel of Time](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wheel_of_Time). I hate it's shitty writing, I hate the shitty characters, and I hate how much my husband and my in-laws, all otherwise intelligent people that I love better than my own family, love it. I've had nearly relationship-ending fights over these books. I just have to let it go. Sanctimonious vegans accusing you of doing the equivalent of murdering babies or worse every time you bite into a steak in front of them. Facebook comments. I feel like I have something to add to the conversation but it'll only cause problems I don't feel like dealing with. Most anything, really. Life's short, it's not worth arguing every little point and opinion. I recently moved to Boston. Pretty quickly I learned all sports talk is off limits unless taking about the wicked awesomeness of (insert Boston team or player).  It gets heated real quick. Abortion.   Both sides have a legitimate concern.  One puts the rights of the mother first.  The other puts the rights of the baby first.  Both are legitimate concerns in my mind.  

I think the conversation should be about *when* a fetus becomes a human, and deserving of its own rights.  But I'm not qualified to make such a determination.  And seeing as everyone is so passionate about it, it's best to just avoid the discussion. Most arguments with my girlfriend, honestly. Bitcoin ignorance.

it's one thing if the person just doesn't know about it.. it's another when they're ignorant and think it's just for criminals and money launderers People who think guns among civilians is a good idea. I've given up on that. I hate it that my wife insists on laying out my clothes every morning.
  
Why was this down-voted?  Anyone? Conspiracy theories... they won't think logically hence why they believe in them in the first place and any evidence that you present that goes against them means you're either dumb,  blind, or apart of the conspiracy Most any conspiracy theory.  I will not engage willingly.  If I am already engaged and it comes up, I will disengage as quickly as feasible, either by changing the topic or ending the convo. People who are voting for Hillary just because she's a woman. I'm excited for this country to go to shit due to the idiots who vote these corrupt politicians in and then complain about things getting worse. If I go to a movie theater, and someone steps on my foot, I let it slide. Why spend the next twenty years in jail, because someone smudged my Puma? discord is better than skype Everything? Debating with close minded libtards on reddit This: The government does real damage to the economy when adopting fiscal responsibility in times of insufficient aggregate demand. Vast majority of the population can't wrap their mind around it. My parents opinion on Brexit. Weather an argument is arguable. Pretty much anything my girlfriend says Why Bernie would be a horrible choice for president.  I just started typing out all the reasons why but just figured "Nah, not even worth it to get into it on reddit" Anything a girlfriend says - it's a very useful skill to be able to swallow your pride and just say "yes honey, you're right." even when you know you're right and she knows she's wrong.

I introduced this concept to a girl I was dating in college. I let her know that I would cave instantly to any argument and she would love me for it. She said she hated that idea and insisted that she would not enjoy me caving. I disagreed back and explained why. She still resisted. "Ok, you're right."

She smiled and leaned back, satisfied, having no idea that I just used the exact method that she had already stated she would hate. It works every time. 
How do you feel about science bringing Cro-Magnon man back from extinction?  What's that good alternative to our current system that no one's talking about?  What keeps you up at night?  Sleep apnea The godfather Reddit, usually. What would a good parent(s) costume be to accompany twin 3 year olds dressed as creepy porcelain dolls?  A child playing with her dolls. What is the scariest film that isn't horror/thriller?  E.T. To consumers of good music, how would you rank these three in order of talent: Billy Joel, Bob Dylan, and Bruce Springsteen?  When you went to your friend's house as a kid, what did you find weird about their family?  That the dad's porn was Hefty Beauties. They really like Jesus and Dirty Dancing. I think the mom had the hots for what's his face. I spent a lot of time at my best friends house when I was a kid,I always found it odd that they never had any food. They only ever ordered out. They were well off so it wasn't money. Weird. The main character of the last thing you watched is running for president. What is their campaign slogan?  What 32 letters would you use to broadcast your wi-fi network to inform your neighbors that there are too many loose cats in the neighborhood?  People who got back together with their ex's who promised to change, what happened? Did they change?  Now that we've done movies you would rate 0/10, what movies would you rate 5/7?  your mom Debate: What do you call it Kleenex or tissues?  toilet paper Both. I use both interchangeably. Uh, whats Kleenex? Kleenex Who or what is Dave?  My buddy is Dave.  Is that who you're wondering about? My buddy Dave? Dave's not here! Anyone who's been on Cops or a similar show, what's your story?  I was a police officer and was on 2 episodes of the show many years ago. :D What are some life hacks you would like to see tested out?  What is worse - rape, or a Trump presidency?  Trump. at least rape is quick. Trump would be 4 years of minority buttfucking Rape.  No question.  I hate Trump and everything he stands for, but rape is the second worse thing in the world, behind only murder. Rape.  No question.  I hate Trump and everything he stands for, but rape is the second worst thing in the world, behind only murder. [Serious] People who used to be in abusive relationships, what made you get out?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* When I realized that I was being treated poorly. I never knew it until a year and a half later. But when I did I was very distant. It was also after she hit me. I knew that it was over then. I wanted nothing to do with a girl who was physically and emotionally abusive towards me so I broke up with her and didn't contact her again unless I needed my stuff. took me 6 months to plan and actually leave. I just had enough of the abuse and realized it was not normal. I knew if I didn't leave one of us was going to end up dead and it wouldn't be me. [Serious] Who do you think would have a better life, someone who is intelligent but gets depressed at times, or someone who is average intelligence and doesn't overthink everything?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* the simple one. the second one. But id rather be the first one as long as its not bad enough to kill myself. Intelligent/depressed. Red pill for the win! A better life, probably the latter. A more fulfilled life, the former. [Serious]How common is it for a 30 year old guy who is single to have an active social life and make lots of new friends every year?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Where is your happy place?  Inside a swedish girl My room, door closed, and left to my own devices If you've ever nearly died, what was your mood/reaction to the fact that you could very soon be dead?  [We're All Gonna Die](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RpI7NPK56JY) Meh. And PTSD. What is the most subtle joke you know?  My social life I have a girlfriend who uses oral contraception. She keeps saying, "No." What's the weirdest thing you have seen a driver do while on the road?  Use their turn signal.

I didn't think people knew how those worked Try to run me and my brother off the road. They were in and jeep cherokee flashing their lights and honking their horn. They literally just got on the freeway from an on ramp, swerved over to our lane and started driving like a mad man. Another jeep arrived and did the same thing l. One of them hung out of the side of their jeep and threw a watter bottle at us. Really wished we swerved into their jeep (we were in a $700 truck so we werent worried about damaging it) and caused that asshole to fall out at 70+mph. Eventually we got off the freeway amd back to our house. Tell me about a time that a bad/awkward first date eventually led to a relationship. Why, and how long did the relationship last?  My first date with my current boyfriend ended in a car accident. Been four years, still together, so it seems to have worked out okay. On the first date with my girlfriend, she backed into another car and the restaurant she chose for us closed early that day.  Went to the sushi place next door. When she went to drop me off at my apartment, she turned onto a one way street going the wrong direction.  Ended up having a great time though and the next few dates were awesome. What do you call that one weird sound that makes you love a song?  Bass Oonts Oonts Oonts Um. Steven Music Cowbell why most men who are very fashionable are termed as gay?  Because they have relationships with other men. Because the well dressed man is making the other guy feel insecure about his fashion choices so he has to be an asshole Dressing well is considered effeminate, which is in turn associated with homosexuality. Guys from the US are extremely insecure. The dress gives it away How would you describe the shape of your feet?  Uhh, foot shaped? Uhh...feet shaped? Shrek. My wife defines them as disgusting Like the foot of a monkey, but less opposable and more human like What is your favorite video that is 1 minute or less?  Probably the first sex tape I made. What is the most politically correct TV-show?  What movie exceeded your expectations?  13 hours. It wasn't a bad action movie like I expected. Zombieland. Zootopia really did. The trailers threw me off completely. I thought it was just another generic, cartoon children's movie. It's now one of my favorites. The Imitation Game.  

I'm not one for historical thrillers (and I know the accuracy of this is often criticized) but I absolutely adored it.  It was tense, funny and emotional.  Loved it. What is your Air Travel horror story?  16+ hour flight to China. My brother and I were in the last row and the seats couldn't be lowered. We were sat in the middle column, with a restroom on each side. Those got stinky quick. We had to make an early landing in South Korea because a volcano had erupted. Then we got on a new plane. After landing in China, we had to wait on the tarmac for a couple hours as guys in white hazmat suits came around and took every passenger's temperature. This was during the flu epidemic about seven years ago.

Good times... What perfectly normal thing has horror movies ruined for you?  Going to the bathroom by myself Being in front of a mirror at night. Thank you Kiefer Sutherland. climbing up a ladder. Showering. Nobody can tell me that when they're in the shower they don't feel like there's a psychopath on the other side of the curtain waiting to stab them to death. Entering abandoned places alone at night. 

I used to always just wander around abandoned places - especially if something like recent disappearances or less-recent death had occurred there to give the locations a sense of history. Walking down a foggy dark road What would a person do for them to earn your respect?  be respectable Be themselves, even when they are assholes. Take an unpopular, but morally correct position, and stick to it. Do what they say they will, every time they say they'll do it. I can't stand a flake or someone who goes back on their word. Stay true to themselves, and not try to ride everybody else's wave. What's your best pickup line?  yo bitch, want this dilaudid? I'm DTF My love for you is like diarrhea...I just can't hold it in. "Does this smell like chloroform?" Do You want to come listen some music? If you don't like it, you can dress and leave. Nine out of ten rapes go unreported ;) Are you from Tennessee because your the only ten I see Ay bb want sum fuk?? I can lick my eyebrows. What are some of the most fucked up horror movies out there?  Lovely Molly. Dead Girl A Serbian Film The Bunny Game. Going old school here but I'll say Cannibal holocaust and 120 Days of Sodom. Where did you come from, where did you go?  Where did you come from, cotton eyed Joe It matters not, I'm here now, and I'm DTF. I don't know. Where do all the lonely people come from? What can you just not get enough of?  Cocaine. Sweet Tea Happiness! You can never be too happy. Money Early Depeche Mode. Ketchup chips. Have you ever wondered why you were born?  You are asking a lot of questions. y u ask this Because my dad jizzed into my mom without a condom on Which alien from movies, tv or books would hate to die from the most?  Reavers Face Hugger. It rapes your fucking face!

And you die also. Tyranids, hands down. 

You don't survive a Tyranid invasion. You hold out for as long as you can, and maybe you can be deemed important enough to be evacuated from the planet. 

Otherwise, you make every goddamn shot count, Guardsman, but remember to save one for yourself. Body Snatchers. I would not enjoy seeing a loved one and having them go all . Ewoks, because then nerds will make fun of me forever. My vote goes, to either The Thing, the Sarlacc or The Blob What are some good make out *movies*?  Schindler's List Down periscope What's the lewdest thing you ever done?  Not much.

In IRC roleplays I've been a pet... Received a blowie in the middle of a clothing store. You know how when your a kid you hide in the clothes at stores. Well... thats what she did, and I hid my dick in her mouf. :B One day you're steering a yacht, the next day you're paddling a plastic kayak, what happened?  I woke up My employer realized I don't know how to steer a yacht. drove my yacht to port and went kayaking You captain private yachts Got to the destination. I sank my yacht and my life boats are kayaks My gambling addiction bested me and I bet the yacht on a GOD DAMN SURE THING pony race FUCK YOU MR HARRY TROTTER if I see your long face ever again it's straight to the glue factory!! What do you fear most about the upcoming years?  Depression and anxiety staying the same or getting worse.  The United States going down the shitter. The planet becoming inhospitable due to pollution, overpopulation, and global warming. Being alive for them. Where do all the old Front Page posts go?  To the back page To hell They go bai bai Diluted into history What are the biggest problems facing today's journalism?  Their employer's revenue has probably fallen of a cliff in the past 15 years. Clicks are more important than journalistic integrity Big headlines instead of legitimate stories I feel that more news outlets and agencies are controlled to an extensive basis. The control is so smooth, we don't even notice it. They could be feeding lies and we would never know.
Also, I don't know if you have noticed, most articles/reporters contain a certain level of bias. No one takes a neutral approach on issues anymore. With the sinking sales of printed news, there's not enough money for investigative journalism. Click-baits will prevail and the quality of information will decrease. 

And my other great fear is the increasing insignificance of facts. It often seems like the credibility of news, lies in the way they approve peoples ressentiments. Everybody just cares about what Kanye West and his wife are doing, nobody wants to learn things What is the worst song you have ever heard?  Anything by Yoko Ono. Life is a Minestrone Any ac/dc song Riptide - Vance Joy [Serious] to those of you suffering with depression, at which point did you know you needed to start taking anti-depressants?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* When I woke up in a locked unit of a psychiatric hospital after a suicide attempt. When I realized it wasn't normal to be suicidal. Haven't started taking them because it almost feels like a public declaration to me. I'd rather keep it to myself. Honestly it was when I started waking up depressed....Usually I'm depressed at night and it's not such a big deal because I'm moments from being unconscious anyway...But once I woke up not want to be with my thoughts..That's when I knew I had to do something. How much can one drink before going in to work?  Depends on how much one can handle. Also what you do for work... depends on the job. some jobs don't really care if you are shitfaced, some will fore you for any alcohol in the blood at all. Depends on what the drink is.  If it's alcohol, it depends on what the job is That depends... On how much of a pussy you are. 4 units should suffice. You should drink absolutely no alcohol. A former employer of mine actually had a policy on this. They would allow a blood alcohol level of .o4% or less if they suspected you were drinking. So half a beer, half an hour before work for an average person. This was a place with multi million dollar machines, all with high speed spinning objects and gears. We had a lot of alcoholics in our midst. This was a convorsation one time when being called in for work on a night off.

"Can you come in and help, we are short on people."
"No I've been drinking."
"That's okay, just get a cab or someone can drive you, we need the help." If you had the choice of either knowing the date of your death or the manner of your death, what would you choose?  Knowing the manner means I can go out and do all types of crazy shit while avoiding the thing that kills me. Manner Date Date.  At least that would be useful information. Manner, for sure Manner Neither. Gotta keep myself guessing Date, Manner In your opinion, what is a psychopath?  What the DSM-V defines it as. My opinion means nothing. The correct term most people want is "asshole". There's no opinion. It's a medical term. This isn't a matter of opinion, really I know one. He's charming, good looking, and incredibly dishonest and manipulative. He's also unethical and incredibly cruel. 

Supposedly cruelty is the hallmark. They find it entertaining. Dexter I've heard

1. They have no empathy and cannot feel the emotions of others

2. They stopped believing in goodness, only feel pain, and so believe that only pain exists.

3.  They believe in good, but know that they must be evil for a greater good.

4. They're actually awake in Ae, and play the people here like videogame characters (see Westworld)

Honestly, I don't know. I've only knowingly met 2.  I suspect there are a lot of reasons for psychopaths. Anyone similar to me A trump supporter What are you planning to dress as on Halloween?  A banana. What is the funniest way you've ever been fired?  I worked at McDonald's. I was only 16, didn't care much at the time if I had a job or not. Ended up shooting a coworker with the tartar sauce gun, looked like he was on the receiving end of about 20 guys climaxing on him. Boss saw it and told me to get the hell out. I've never been fired. To have a funniest way, you would have had to be AT LEAST fired twice. That's a little sad. It was mutual- i stopped going and they stopped scheduling me. Technically I still work there,  but I haven't worked a shift since 2010 What do you do to get focused?  Masturbate.

Pumps you up, and mellows you out, clears the mind as well as your pipes. I have ADHD so I just take my medicine and I'm all good. Litsen to Dubstep Property managers/landlords of Reddit, what is the craziest thing you have seen tenants do?  which year you fell in love?  1993 2006 with my cousin 2004 it did not work out well Next year 2011, started dating her in 2014. Just moved in together :) 2016 How is Black Lives Matter helping the black race?  That's a bold question Shotbot, Let's see how this works out. It ain't "Black" is not a race. "African-american" is a race. You know their lives matter now right? There ya go Metal detector users of Reddit, what is the coolest thing that you have found?  I had one when I was 8. 

I found the pipes underneath my grandmas house A plastic bottle New Rolex on the beach What is something people should avoid doing when visiting your country?  smoke just a joint and there's a good chance you'll end up dead with a cardboard sign Being a cunt Act intentionally suspicious, even for comedic purposes. getting mauled by a kangaroo Also, please make sure to state what country you're talking about. I meant to add "as a tourist" to the title. Getting too friendly with children. Not seen the same way in America as other places. Talk about Pablo Escobar. It is not funny -_- wear red (I'm serious) Apparently public urination is legal in Germany, among a few other places. It is very much NOT legal in the United States. If you come here, just hold it bro, not worth it. For India, don't bring any cash in your carry-on luggage. When you exit the airport you have to go through security one more time and they will check your carry on luggage and your person for cash. If they find you carrying more than $20 in cash they'll ask for a fee for exiting. I'm not sure if it happens everywhere but it does happen a lot. What's the best thing you've ever tasted?  A properly done rare steak. Just salt and pepper, good sear, no sauce, perfectly rare. Best Ever. My mothers apple pie.  So damn cliche but true. Not ketchup ;)

Probably pfeffernusse or Buffalo. Baked brie with roasted garlic, spread on a peach chutney topped crustini. A brownie with cream cheese icing. [Serious] What is the connection between the splitting of the kingdoms after Solomons reign and the Lost Tribes of Israel?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* You might do better at /r/askhistorians Who do you side with: Julian Assange or Hillary Clinton?  Julian Assange is championing free speech and government transparency. Hilary Clinton is pissed that he's publicizing her machinations. Figure it out. Depends on the content Truth.

I don't care about emails. Or scandals. I don't care if she is getting a blowjob from an intern (wrong Clinton, sorry. That was Chelsea). 

What can you do for me? Clinton. Assange lost me when he started trying to influence the election. Also, it seems misogynistic. He better pray she loses. She knows people.
Then again, he better hope Trump loses because if he pulls shut on trump, trump will drone him. Assange is a egotistical rapist and Putin puppet. I wish Clinton *did* drone him. What is your favorite group that you were ever a part of?  My D&D group! Menudo Are people who take advantage of every tax loophole, to minimize their own expenditure, doing wrong?  Not really.

That isn't what Trump did, though. You don't lose a billion dollars to avoid paying taxes; you're still out a billion dollars. Legally, probably not; morally, yes, especially when they're also donating to the politicians to get the politicians to create the loopholes --  to the substantial detriment of the majority of taxpayers -- they're doing "wrong". Didn't you watch the debate? That's being smart! It's a tough question, taxes are a necessary evil, they pay for roads, clean water delivered straight to our homes, sewage treatment and social programs. They even provide jobs when infrastructure projects are done.

None of us enjoy paying taxes and we may not agree with where every dollar is spent but taxes are necessary to maintain the comforts we enjoy.

I feel like I am more ok with the average person who is already struggling to make ends meet looking for every tax break they can get. Their tax breaks are pretty minimal and likely don't reduce the taxes by that much. I have a much bigger issue with the wealthy in society taking massive tax cuts. They can certainly afford to pay much more in taxes than they usually end up paying and they have the advantage of really big loopholes. Just because you can doesn't mean you should. I'd say they are doing wrong Not doing wrong, but maybe just better informed. What are your recurring sad thoughts?  Everyone you know, someday, will die. I'm lonely, I've always been lonely, so empty, can't connect with people (not even my own family).  Aaaaand repeat endlessly. Survival is the exception, extinction the rule. Nothing I say or do matters unless it pisses somebody off. I've become everything I never wanted to be. My parents are aging. 
I could've married rich That my dad misses my mom so much he still has her voice as his outgoing voicemail message. She passed away 8.5 years ago. With over 242 million adults living in the United States, the best we could fucking do for candidates for president were these two? If you could ask your future self one thing, what would it be?  Is it worth it? I'd ask if I was happy. If yes, continue on my current path in life. No, make a change. What did you do after graduating highschool, and do you regret it? Where did we end up? What are next weeks lotto numbers? Are you happy? Reddit what are you dressing as for Halloween?  Hillary Clinton.

I'm a dude. My wife is going as Trump. The sole survivor from fallout 4 An old woman in her jammies sitting on the couch watching crappy tv Nothing, Australia doesn't do Halloween. I was a debutante this year and I'd love to wear my big white dress and crown again, so I'm a princess this Halloween! Right now, the current idea is me dressing as Alice and my SOs dressing as Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum. Fem Bob Ross or Cruella deville Dressing up? Who still dose that??? What's your opinion on the Creepy Clown craze going on throughout the US?  One of them is going to get shot that's what I think. i thought it was originally a marketing scam for the new IT movie that just took wind > Creepy Clown craze

The correct term is 'Presidential Election' It's fucked up and not funny.  Some people are going to die for their stupidity (clowns).  It's not going to end well I live in an area with a lot of clown activity lately.  Honestly, I think it's overblown.  There are gonna be creepy people anyway.  It's only getting more news because they are dressed as clowns. Hilarious...I know people who are scared of clowns, and I can intellectually understand why, but even though I watched the original **IT** at 8 years of age, they just don't scare me. I just find the whole thing amusing. Fuck clowns I'm outta here What is the scariest film that doesn't resort to gratuitous gore/torture porn?  Don't mind the jump scares, but hate the unnecessary gore a lot of newer horror movies resort to. Thought this would be a nice companion to: [What is the scariest film that doesn't resort to cheap jump scares](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/55ng8w/what_is_the_scariest_film_that_doesnt_resort_to/) Man, just try a documentary. 

Nothing is scarier than "omg that actually happened" Clinton cash You are sent back in a time machine to fight in WW1 you can take a backpack with you, what do you bring?  Backpack filled with clean, heavy duty socks. Another time machine so I can get the fuck out of there! A Jedi cloak, a light saber, And a box of condoms! Plans and schematics for the AK-47, dragonskin body armor, atomic bombs, and a German to English dictionary. Water proof boots and gaiters. I ain't getting trench foot, fuck that bullshit.

And a bullet proof vest. John Cena!!! A backpack. In the backpack Modern advanced chemistry textbook (yeah, science!)

Latest edition DSM (PTSD is real, assholes!)

Modern advanced mechanical engineering textbook (new guns and metals)

Twinkies and MREs. Medicine and a history book. A portable dvd player and a copy of all Police academy movies. What is the best piece of relationship advice you have ever heard from a young kid?  I'm writing a wedding toast and am looking for some more innocent advice. http://i.imgur.com/blJMlGZ.jpg People who married their high school sweethearts. How did it work out and were you seen as different from couples who met later in life?  Worked out great. We've had our ups and downs like any relationship but we're happy. We've been married nine years and together twelve. 


We're not really different from other couples. Just another one that's been together a while. (Serious) How can we fix healthcare in the United States?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I think there are a few different ideas that can work:

1. Require all businesses in the healthcare industry to operate as nonprofits. Profiting by exploiting sick people is wrong.

2. Have a government run healthcare program people could choose (health insurance, gov't run hospitals and doctor's networks, gov't run pharmacies)

3. Institute a single payer system. Kill Obamacare, bring back jobs, privatize the industry, and sure up Medicare and Medicaid. Great question. I have no idea. I can tell you though that my ailing grandma who requires 24 hour care is at home with us because her shitty health insurance (Medicare) will cost $160 a day to stick her in a group home with a couple of CNA's. No justice in that, considering this woman worked her whole life to be screwed. 

So basically I would love to follow this question. Make it non-profit. Make a cultural and legislative push that it's wrong to try and profit from shit people need to live. Make it privatized and more regulated. On a further note, all basic necessities such as education and healthcare shouldn't be exploited for profit. The problem isn't healthcare it is paying for it. 

I like a public option (hilary's plan) which means that the government sets up a company (like the post office) to keep prices in the market down and work as a defacto medicare for the uninsurable. When did digital clocks become popular?  Before you tell me to google it, I can't find anything about it other than when they were actually invented. 1980s LED display clocks really became mainstream in the 1980's, but they had been around in the 70's as well. Up to that point, there weren't really any 'cheap' electronics, so it wasn't something that you saw very often. Same thing with digital watches. I remember when they got cheap in the 80's, and everybody had one. You're a terrorist terrorist. Your goal is to make people terrorist as much as possible. How do you do it?  spread 3rd wave feminism How would you feel if your mother wanted to abort you but for some reason didn't?  I probably wouldn't care.

What if she opted not to have me? Then I wouldn't exist. So, I'd feel absolutely nothing. She didn't know me before I existed, so it's not like I can take it personally.

I do exist, though. So, she cannot really undo that now, can she? I have a social security number and shit. She told me it came up. She was a bit older when I was born, so there was a risk that she would die in childbirth, I would die, or I would be born with severe disabilities.

But she was always pro-life so she decided against it. Still risky as shit because I had a very rocky childbirth (severe placental abruption).

I don't really feel anything about it, other than thinking that it was pretty unwise for my parents not to be more careful to avoid pregnancy. relieved My mom actually almost gave me up for adoption but changed her mind and decided to raise me as a single mother (biological father was a disappearing douchebag) Why should I care?  It was a long time ago. Grateful Not surprised. She had me when she was 19, and married my dad when she was five months pregnant. It obviously changed the course of her life, and I've often thought that she resents, if not me, then the situation. This is very close to my situation. Doctors told my mother she would have to abort me or risk death. My mother and father discussed it but decided against it.  Now my opinion, they should have absolutely done it. Im not trying to be self pitying, just honest and direct. I did not ask to be born, and I certainly wouldnt have wanted to be born to my parents. Life is long and difficult, if I hadnt been born I would have never known these difficulties and I wouldnt care.  If there is such a thing as a soul I would have found a new body and possibly a happier family.  My mother also might not have stayed as long with my father if they had aborted me, this means my two half brothers wouldnt have spent 14 years being beat by someone who wasnt even their father.  So yes, yes absolutely yes i would have happily given my life for my mother and my two brothers to have a happier life. To people who have killed before. How did it happen?  I am the Dr. Kevorkian of indoor and outdoor plants. like, an animal or human? Bc I highly doubt anyone going to come clean about murder on reddit op. I've stepped on many ants in my life time. I don't feel remorse I caught a little green lizard and didn't know how to feed it. It died. I felt horrible for like an hour then moved on. What do you think is the best Reddit mobile app?  I got used to RedditisFun so I stuck with it. Reddit is Fun because it's the first one I got used to.  

Followed closely by Baconreader, because it was the second one I got used to when I thought RIF didn't get it right.  

Followed closely by the official Reddit app, because it does what the other two do, but it came last, so I'm least familiar with that one.  

I cannot tell if there will be a fan boy war over your question, but if there is, consider this.  Reddit allows us to get news faster than some news shows can belt it out.  It doesn't surprise me that I like second hand version over the official one.

Edit: *Backbreaker not backbreaker.  
Edit two: *Baconreader not backbreaker.  My android knows I like backbreaker or something Reddit is Fun. I've tried a couple others but this is the one I keep coming back to. How much fat is too much to be considered "thick"?  same shit different smell. they're entirely interchangeable in the context of being overweight When the curves disappear and it all looks like a glob of shit. 

Thick is good. I prefer it over thin. But if your ass looks like a bag of nickels. Time to hit the gym. It's not about fat, it's how it's distributed through your body and how you carry it If a .38 caliber won't penetrate it your still thin. Who cares, y'all are beautiful to me:) inb4 /r/fatpeoplehate How often or when has the emergency broadcast system actually used for it's purpose?  It used to be used to alert us of Amber Alerts. Now they just send it to our cell phones and put it on highway digital billboards so really never now. There's test once a month or so on the radio. The Emergency Broadcast System ceased to exist many years ago. It was replaced by the Emergency Alert System. Is that what you're asking about? If so, it's been used literally thousands of times across the country. Its* All the time? In my area it tells us to when to expect major storms, and in my opinion, the most helpful is when they let us know about water being over the road. People say they hate rape and rapists, but why does rape still exist?  Same reason pedophilia does.  Hating it won't make it go away. because the ones who don't hate it tend to shut up Because there are a lot of scumbags out there who only care for themselves. As long as humans walk the earth, crime will exist. Rape is a crime just like murder, theft etc. No one likes those either. People hate a lot of things, but why do they exist? Why does murder exist?  Why does robbery exist?  Why does crime exist?  In all of us is the potential for great good...and the potential for great evil. Because there are crazy people who aren't right in the head and no amount of logic or morals will make them suddenly become good people Because obviously the people that day they hate rapist aren't the ones who are doing or

Just like most completely oppose murder but it still happens Because some people (vv bad people) don't hate it Because sometimes ugly people are fast runners Please explain a reason why rape exists in a scientific way please evolutionary scientists. How many of us have experienced sleep paralysis?  Had this happen alot. And I found that if I embrace it and just lay there. I eventually slowly wake up. Or......   I go back into unconscious or dreaming.

Lot of the times I leave my body a walk around as a ghost. And no it's not what you think. 

I thought I was really doing it to. But when it happened I walked through my apt door. Into my neighbors apt door and looked around.

It looked nothing like it did in real life. So it was a dream. I just find it strange that I dream this way alot though after the sleep paralysis ends. "Sleep paralysis is a phenomenon in which an individual, either during falling asleep or awakening, temporarily experiences an inability to move, speak, or react.

This is a transitional state between wakefulness and sleep, characterized by an inability to move muscles. It is often accompanied by terrifying hallucinations to which one is unable to react due to paralysis, and physical experiences. 


I experienced sleep paralysis last night after 3 years of sleeping / awakening normally (it's happened in the past.) 

I had forgotten how terrifying it is and I wanted to know how many of you guys have experienced this? Yup.

Sometimes it horrifying despite trying to be logical.
Other times its fun trying to slowly move your limbs to regain control. I haven't had an episode in quite a while but it's terrifying. I always try to yell "Please wake me up!!"  Of course no sound comes out. And I can always feel the weird electrical impulses in my head trying to sort it all out. I've always thought it might be how having a stroke feels. omg its the scariest thing ever. it is like a waking nightmare Once when I was a security guard. I didn't enjoy it. It happens to me when my anxiety is really high. I am frozen and see dark masses or objects hovering by the ceiling. I can never wake my husband up when it happens. I have recently learned to forcefully blink or focus and it seems to wake me up or snap me out of it. Thank god. Where's the strangest place you've woken up?  Vienna I was camping and my friends thought it would be funny to pull my mattress into the lake. So when I woke up I floated down the lake down the river and just chilling in some random bay. Who is the most biased least credible journalist?  Sean Hannity. Ezra Levant HA Goodman Joe Buck Katie Curic Nancy Grace What is the first word that pops into your head when you think of: Toronto?  Canada. Canada Boobies asians Japan....i don't know why asians Ford "Crack" (Rob Ford, RIP) CTV Drake. Hockey Poutine CN Tower and Blue Jays Donuts Jesus. 


I really don't know why. I'm not even Christian What is something you've learned while in front of a mirror?  I learned the absolutely useless talent of flaring my nostrils back when I was a teenager. So... there's that. Aging comes on fast and sucks What sentences sound strange when said in another language?  Jocks and Nerds of highschool, where are you now?  Former high school nerd here. I'm attending graduate school on my way to getting my doctorate degree. Niggin and Giggin I was a jock. Now I'm a police officer What was your most unique birthday gift to either or both of your parents?  My mother has 1 sister and seven brothers(2 of which died before I was born and 1 died after). For her 60th birthday I painted a picture from the only picture my aunt had of all of them together(my grandparents included). It was the first time I saw my uncles cry and I can't confirm it but im pretty sure for about 20 seconds I brought my grandma out of her dementia. I just bought my dad tickets to a Dallas Cowboys game. Second row, on the 30 yard line. Finally have a good job, so we're going to do what we've been talking about since I was a kid. I quit a 3rd shift convenience store job on my mom's birthday. It wasn't planned to be a gift, but she was happy because I'd been robbed at that very store the month prior. It worked out well. Where do you get your news?  Reddit. American here. Get all my news overseas. The amount the US outlets fail to report on  for things happening IN THE US is embarrassing I trust reddit for internet or tech or science.

Al Jazeera, BBC, and NPR are my most trusted "current events" news sources.


All other information comes in the form of dank spicy memes made from dreams. BBC World Service reddit news New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Reuters, Washington Post, BBC, NPR, CNN, Philadelphia Inquirer, and AP. Channel 8 Trade papers, that's where the real news is. Podcasts and random articles on facebook . What is the scariest urban legend you've ever heard?  There's this Japanese urban legend of playing hide and seek with a doll or stuffed animal, that you'll die or atleast experience creepy shit during it. Reddit, what's your favorite fan theory?  What is the scariest video game that doesn't resort to cheap jump scares?  Eternal Darkness for Nintendo Gamecube.


This goddamn game had a "Sanity Meter" that depleted gradually as your protagonist was exposed to the unholy demons you'd have to vanquish each mission. The lower your sanity meter, the more the game would mindfuck you. Some effects were really subtle, like the room would gradually tilt to one side. Some were obvious: your character enters a room, and SPONTANEOUSLY COMBUSTS!! ... and then the game jumps back 3 seconds, and you re-enter the room intact...


... but some of the sanity meter's effects would mess with you, the player. 

Press Pause with a low sanity meter, and sometimes the cursor moves on its own. Maybe you meant to equip one thing, and your character's holding another? Sometimes, though, the game would pause and show your saved files being selected and deleted! Sometimes it'd give you a popup message to the effect of "data corrupt," and make you, the player, truly freak the fuck out and wonder what's really real.


There've been some great horror games throughout the industry's history, but I've never seen one that scared players in such a meta way since Eternal Darkness. silent hill Not exactly of the horror genre type of scary but The Last of Us when I really sunk deep into it made me really feel how grim and terrifying the world they were living in was. It never made me feel the need to watch over my own shoulder in the dark, but I was pretty scared for the characters in game...

TLDR 
The Last of Us What's a horrifying criminal case that never made mainstream news?  Upper Big Branch Mine Disaster. If you were in the industry, you know all about it, but outside of news that routinely reports it, it was mostly ignored or quickly forgotten about. Now, why is it criminal? Blankenship, the CEO, covered up, violated safety compliance standards, and ordered lower ranking men to cover up things when inspectors showed up. A lot of us wish they could've charged him with manslaughter for all of those miners. When people talk about safety laws being burdensome or bad for business, this is what happens when you ignore them. Why is the South still so butt-hurt about losing the civil war?  Soulmate? Why is America still so butt-hurt about losing the Vietnam war?

Losing sucks. Why are black people so butt hurt about slavery? Redditors with kids in school, past or present, what is your personal rule for how sick they need to be before letting them miss school?  We homeschool. Poor kids never get a snow day, but I do let them off if they are too sick to ask for the iPad. If you can play minecraft, you can do school. Not a parent but when I was in grade school my parents always let me stay home when I was running a fever. Had to have a fever.  My mother always used her "Monday morning thermometer". I don't believe it registered any temp but 98.6, so off to school you went. Fever above 99.5 
Vomiting or excessive pooping 
Coughing so bad they're completely beat (the kind you can't fake) My kids hate missing school so if they say they're sick, I don't question it -- They stay home. Anything contagious for sure, which includes fever. It's considerate to the other kids. Also, if my son doesn't feel up to it, I let him stay home. He isn't going to have a good day or learn a lot when he doesn't feel well. When is it ok to decline an invitation to Thanksgiving dinner with your SO's family?  When you were banging her sister for the better part of the past year and finally got caught but she wants to stay with you anyway only you're not supposed to go anywhere near the sister again.

Or so I've heard. Whenever you want to decline it, just do it diplomatically (lie really well). When you don't want to go. When you're dead. I would say you are obligated to attend 1 family function per year (Christmas OR thanksgiving OR Easter) but may add more if you choose. 
DH's mother insists on making a dinner for every holiday including mum's and dad's day but they are usually awkward and not but a few people come. For this reason we normally decline except for one of her events, and will go round my parents for the other, so thanksgiving at his mum's and Christmas at mine, or the reverse. People who actually went to Woodstock: What was it really like?  groovy If they remember it, they weren't there. Cops of Reddit: What is the weirdest thing you have pulled someone over for?  I once pulled over a man because he had a live cow strapped to a flat deck trailer.  At first, I thought it was dead so I was just going to tell him to put some more straps on, but then it moo-ed. who is LESS likeable: Darth Sidious, or Delores Umbridge?  Umbridge, Her face is really really punchable. Umbridge is far worse. Ruthless, violent power-grabs are at least something you can understand, but cruelty for its own sake is just psycho. Dolores Umbridge is so much worse.  The only person I've hated as much as her is Joffrey..... I might hate him more. Umbridge for sure.

At least Sidious has some style. Sidious is evil and he loves it.

Umbridge is cunt. Umbridge. 

I would like to go into all the reasons why i hate Sidious, but ***HATE*** Delores, but I can't really put my finger on it.

Because she was so good at concealing it she got away with it from the powers that be?

Because she was able to abuse students with it while i too was a student?

I can't say why --- but hands down Delores. Umbridge is a less like able character, but Sidious is far more evil. Umbridge.  I'm glad those Centaurs raped her.......... No contest. The emperor is likable as hell. He just loves being an evil asshole and has a blast with it. But he would not be able to stand Umbridge. She is just the worst thing ever. Do you still hate the ones who bullied you in school?  No, I barely remember them. Nah, I can't even remember their names anymore. Except that one bitch who said poor people don't deserve college. I'm 100% certain she's still a cunt. No.  We're all friends on Facebook now, HAHAHAH... Nah. I'm facebook friends with most of the ones who are still alive.

Everybody was unhappy in high school. Some people just knew how to direct their unhappiness inward. No. I was an easy target and the bullying was part of an odd exchange. She took half my lunch every day, I got a place to sit at lunch. The boy who used to bully me severely in seventh grade was just arrested for murdering someone. He always had problems but never did I ever think he was capable of that. That's what drugs do. I don't hate him, I just feel sorry for him because this is what his life has become. "Hate" is too strong of a word for my case. I was never bullied per se, but there was a guy who nobody liked back in middle/high school (for *good* reasons). I hear he's gotten better somewhat, but I have no desire to pursue a friendship. Too many bad memories, plus, we've got completely different social circles now. We must have like 3 friends in common at max.

There was also a girl I never talked to, that lost like 5-8 "life-long" friends within two months in 9th grade. Yeahh... that's usually a red flag that indicates "do not associate with this person". I don't know if "hate" is the right word, but I have a smug sense of superiority. A girl who made my life hell is now a very unattractive softcore porn model whose fanbase consists solely of middle-aged/old married men, and I'm on my way to becoming a scientist. Life gets better. Nope. But, I'm still watching their lives implode on facebook. Perhaps that's karma for trying to push me through a plate glass display case I pity them, they don't have the same ability to love that I do. That anger controlled them in a way it never will me. I'm 6'7, so...never bullied The most obnoxious bully is dead, car accident on a lone Canadian highway.  Oh well, keep the karma wheel spinning. Reddit, what was the last good book you read?  Animal Farm! The Martian the beauty and the sorrow China Mieville's, "The Census Taker" *Origins of Totalitarianism* by Hannah Arendt Olive Kitteridge The Girl On The Train Columbine. It was for school Partway through World War Z, and **damn** that's a great read Kitchen Confidential.  If you are a foody and you like Anthony Bourdain's style of narration on his shows, this is just that in book form and longer.  He's great. Your Money or Your Life The back of the turtle I really liked The Exorcist What ice cream flavor would you like to eliminate from society?  Phillies Grand Slam. That ice cream was horrid. Chocolate chip-cookie dough-Skittle-M&M-Butterfinger-turtle-mint-raspberry.  

Seriously, quit throwing more shit in and calling it a new "flavor"! It's just *more* flavors in the same package.. What is the most badass thing one of your parents did for you as a child?  I had constant UTIs and kidney infections as a kid, and had to be taken to the doctor and hospital more than once to be catheterized.  One time I was so anxious and in pain no one could get the catheter in, but my mom was an RN, and she was right there, so she did it with no problem.  Badass! What is a song that still makes you nauseous because you associate it with someone who has passed away?  https://youtu.be/mu6TIbGJmes

My mom loved this song Taps. Who do you miss?  My target... My best friend, my great-grandparents, my sister, and my parents, as well as my dog and cats. Gayvid What nicknames do you still use for things that no longer apply due to changes over time?  I said "I'm going to turn the tube on", and just realized that the name doesn't apply to a flat panel TV.

What other things have nick names that no longer apply, but still get used? Night staff of ERs, what is your craziest story?  Death To people who consider themselves to be in the best state of their life, what is something you still think you should improve upon?  Could always eat healthier and more money would never be turned away Learning. Can never learn enough. What's the dumbest thing a customer service rep has said to you?  "Your call is important to us" Corporate customer service for large Michigan based grocer has just hung up on me twice after I was urged to call them by the in store customer service. What are some fun facts about sports?  China has the largest population of chickens. A bowling pin requires exactly 7.5 degrees of tilt to fall Pittsburg Pirates pitcher Dock Ellis supposedly once pitched a no-hitter on LSD. People who have been to a psychic - how accurate (or awful) did their predictions turn out to be?  somewhat accurate for the most part... i didn't realize how much the time lapse would be in her predictions. How much affirmative action is too much?  The best person for the job should get the job. As someone who sees performance reviews and termination data, most definitely it should be hiring the best candidate for the position.  You're not helping anyone putting under-qualified people in positions just so you can fill some legal quota Huh.  So you're asking how much racism and sexism is acceptable?  I'm going to go with none. any Not anywhere close to that point yet, not even for white women (by far the biggest beneficiary of existing affirmative action programs). What did you have for dinner tonight?  weed Rice and seaweed soup and some ribs Picked up the wrong kind of nigiri so I just ate the rice. I'm going to cook the fish tomorrow. A salad that I threw up about an hour ago Enchiladas Cheese quesadilla! Shrimp and grits Butternut squash soup Breaded lamb chops with cajun roasted potatoes and ceasar salad. Dinner for four under $20. Crab dip Lobster and salad - magnifique Braised chicken with a reduction I made from some leftover prosecco, dijon mustard, tomatoes, and capers. Then I ate little debbie oatmeal cream pies. Oh, yeah. 6 lemon pepper wings and garlic parmesan french fries. Pumpkin soup and toasted bread followed by rice, beans, kale, and pasta with a tomato sauce. Pan seared salmon with herb baked potatoes, a side Caesar salad, and dessert was apple cobbler with vanilla ice cream. 

Boyfriend spoils me sometimes. A chicken sandwich and two pints of Fat Tug Rabbit Sushi Nachos *sigh* Your mom. Yep! and home made enchilada sauce Ur mum Did you hear the new Hillary audio that was leaked today and what did you think?  You're gonna hurt yourself stretching that far to make the case she's insulting Bernie supporters here. If a video of hillary skinning live puppies diagnosed with downs syndrome came out tomorrow I wouldn't be surprised. https://youtu.be/tDJgyq4MH-M

Link above to video if you haven't heard it. It's a recording of Hillary talking to her donors. Why does anyone vote for these cretins (Clinton or Trump) you are not part of their team. They will only screw you without lube. You can have 1 futuristic gadget/invention thst can slighty bend the laws of physics, what would you want?  it can bend all of the laws of physics slightly? I want that one! Convert water into gold but instead of releasing a bunch of energy you gain some mass. The portal guns from the Portal games. What are your views on unions?  My experience with modern day labor unions is that they encourage featherbedding and discourage promotions based on merit. Instead they want everything to be based on seniority, even if the senior guy is lazy as fuck and incompetent. They are okay, as long as they don't try anything shifty, like seizing the means of production. Most of them are jokes. I love unions. Especially on pizza. Unions are great. We owe the 5 day work week, 8 hour shift, minimum wage, and workers protections to unions. We need to bring them back. I like weekends, minimum wage, employee benefits, having legal recourse against shifty employers, anti-child labor laws, workplace harassment laws, overtime pay, a check on the overwhelming power of corporations... the list goes on. For a year, I worked a job where I did Canadian Payroll (I live in the states). One of my clients was a nursing home that had to maintain a nurse on staff 24 hours a day. I always remembered that the nurses for this client had a union and after 7 years of employment they would accrue 14% in vacation pay every pay period, which is pretty high by the majority of clients I had. The payroll specialist on their side hated the union with a passion. All that said, I still wished we had unions in the states. Not to anger any longshoreman unions but... The U.S. has some of the worst shipping container efficiency in the world... And it just so happens that Rotterdam does the same job with 5 people that the U.S. does with 25. They were needed 100 years ago. Now I think they do more harm than good overall, at least in the US. They are tasty when sauted and can make an excellent addition to chicken, rice, other veggies, or anything that needs an extra flavor. Unions are insanely undervalued in the US today.

You want to know why wages have stagnated for 20+ years?  Why the average work week is creeping past 40 hours?  Why vacation time at white collar jobs is only a fraction of our European counterparts?  It's all because we let the unions die.

Unions are the **only** form of political pressure that works against big business.  They are the counterweight that we need against the constant greed of big business.

A lot of people thing: oh, we got weekends, worker safety, minimum wage, child labor laws, overtime laws, and bathroom breaks.  We're all good.  Unions are now just all about corruption.  Who needs 'em?

We do.  Because big business has chipped away at every single one of those labor rights advances.

If we'd had powerful unions in this country, NAFTA could never have happened, nor any other "free trade" agreement which didn't force our trading partners to obey every labor right we fought for.  Or at least compensate for it with massive tariffs which would have kept the US manufacturing competitive.

Even if every bad thing you ever heard about Unions was true, you should still be supporting the expansion of unions at every opportunity.  Power Unions might have meant turning the bank bailout into a workforce bailout.  It might have meant we'd be talking about a $20 minimum wage instead of a $12-$15 one.  It might have meant that we'd have national healthcare 20 years ago when Hillary Clinton was first fighting for it.

It would certainly means that a business like WalMart couldn't possibly exist, killing towns, exploiting workers, and being subsidized by the government to the tune of 8 billion dollars a year. Unicorns are real but they're very very rare They are tasted when fried with potatoes.

---

Edit: I was in a union for a long time, and never once paid any dues, or turned up to one mandatory event, or did any paperwork or training or testing for it.

I was completely under the radar, but getting paid for jobs all the same.

I was already paying my agent a percentage, so come on... The more the merrier. All workers need to unionize. I don't really like them, unless they're chopped up really thin Im so glad I am not the only one that read it that way. God damn you're both too quick What's good or bad about going braless?  Why not? Everyone knows Good thing: freedom good: save money

bad: it hurts Good: No straps digging into your back/shoulders. I have some bras that give me back/neck pain for a few days after wearing them for 5+ hours.
Bad: Looks trashy, imo.
But Winter is coming indeed and bras are not necessary under a nice big sweater. I love it because typical sweater fabric covers persistent nips. I wanna see the pokies!! I find it really liberating, and bras are itchy. I don't mind if my big nips poke through - it's not obscene. Well, going braless is pretty freeing and feels wonderful. On the downside, it hurts to run, and that feeling of taking your bra off after a long day is one of the most amazing things. Good- when attractive women with perky tits go braless
Bad-when grandma does it I think nipples are disgusting Why does it seem that there are more socially awkward people these days than ever before?  Video games are not real life, get out there and mingle. Everyone blaming the Internet, like there wasn't nerds geeks loners and weirdos before

I remember seeing a picture of a bunch of people in a bus or train, they're all reading their newspapers. The caption said the same thing they say today, that we're all too busy in our little world to talk to each other. Picture looked like it was in the 1950's Lol Technology. People don't have to interact as much as they use to. Because no one talks anymore! It's all texting, social media and video games. I know I sound old, but it really is true. 

You can't be good at being social if you don't really have a handle on it because you don't really have to be social. In the past, socially awkward types would sit in their rooms and not communicate with anybody. Now, they can communicate through the internet. I think this is probably a good thing altogether. easy to blame technology, which is a factor. But I think it's teenagers watch to many movies read to many book about the pretty boy/girl getting whatever they want then they say, "well im not as pretty as her" so why try. So they don't and the grow up being insecure. Probably because of the internet. Why develop actual social skills when I can talk to people and have no accountability for what I say. Men, have you ever had sex with an animal? If so, why and which?  Porcupine. I missed my last acupuncture treatment.....and was horny This won't be my proudest fap. Yes. Human. Did you know that if you fuck sheep against the edge of a cliff, they push back. human ur mom What a question! Do you know what it's called? why isn't this question directed towards women? Why just men? Also, what the fuck? Really? I had sex with a whale. Mr. Hands did.

Didn't work out well for him.

Hes the main reason why beasteality is now illegal in Washington state What is the most unique nickname that you have called a SO?  My soul mattress. Thanks phone Mine would be "Night Owl" because she always stayed up way later than I could on most nights. I don't have a nickname for my right hand. I call my wife "troll" and tell people I found her under a bridge. she used to hate it but anything can become normal after a few years. Wuesixhai. Has absolutely no correlation to them other than my inability to type on a mobile phone. Peanut I call my fiance Warthog. She doesn't love it, but she also doesn't care. Boosh- no idea why 

My BIL has always called my sister turd. She finds it endearing, I find it fitting. The cootest goot. Long story Mateen Teachers of Reddit, what is the funniest thing that one of your students have gotten in trouble for where you had to pretend to be mad?  Besides an SO what's missing in your life?  weed. A rope that won't snap under my weight. Nothing My health An insignificant other Free time. A life Money, a car, the will to continue. A vibrant art scene in my town. Small town life is shit A fucking Koenigsegg Regera R in my carport. what rules would you implement to american football to make it better?  Make tackling legal again. my rules 

1. Eliminate the exception to intentional grounding for being outside the tackle box.  slide or run out of bounds if you dont want to get tackled.  Otherwise throw the ball in the field of play.

2. If a receiver gets up and makes a "pass interference" hand gesture, any actual pass interference is automaticly a non foul like a tipped ball or uncatchable pass. Naked cheerleaders The clock never stops. instead of a wave to signal "fair catch", you pull out your dick.  No way defense is gonna jump on top of you when you got your dick out. That would look gay. Put some land mines in the field. Losing team gets decapitated. Taking a knee stops the clock. No more running out the time with a last possession. No helmets Everyone gets a brick. How they choose to use said brick is up to them. No time outs, play until you drop. You have 30 seconds to make someone laugh or they kill you....What video/gif do you show them?  Twerking micropig Abbott and Costello - Who's on First Farting hippo If that's the only way you can think of to make someone laugh, you are not funny at all. Boo to your question. Booooooo What movie just shouldn't have a porn parody?  Schindler's List The Passion of the Christ? Kindergarten Cop. Spy Kids The Thing. The Jungle Book Daddy Day Care Ferngully: The Last Rainforest Sophie's choice
The green mile
House of 1000 corpses Inspector gadget The Notebook Brokeback Mountain Up Requiem for a Dream Max Keeble's Big Move Garbage Pail Kids Any movie where the majority of the cast is children under 18 March of the Penguins Up Jaws. Every movie has to have one. Otherwise, rule 34 wouldn't exist.

If I **had** to pick pne, it'd be toy story 12 Angry Dicks Blood Father Brave little toaster Marley and me A Serbian Film.  It just really shouldn't. My Girl

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/My_Girl_(film) Deliverance The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. Grumpy Old Men The Green Mile The Little Rascals. Charlotte's Web Forrest Gump. Human Centipede especially the third sequel The Adventures of Milo and Otis Marley & Me

I win Who is someone that you've had a sex dream about that you would never publicly admit to for any reason? NSFW  I once dreamt that Ryan Reynolds was fucking me in the ass. 

From what I remember, it was like being naked, wrapped in silk, a big pressure on my back, one his hands squeezing my left nipple, other hand stroking my flaccid dick, all while penetrating my anus over and over.


It felt ridiculously good. Drew Berrymore...........in E.T. how did you choose a career to pursue?  When I was 6, I had a toy Space Shuttle. I will begin working on a piston-less rocket engine next week. I found something that I genuinely wanted to know more about. not exactly related but i got some good advice the other day for art kids: 

Go into a field you'll be able to create and express yourself but don't do the thing you love to do the most. Once painting or drawing becomes your job, your source of income, it becomes just that: a job. You stop loving it as much. It's not as special anymore. And sooner or later, you just become a human machine pumping out bullshit you're told to do. So do something that makes you happy, but don't do it on the thing that brings you the most joy. I didn't. It chose me. [Serious]To those who are hyped about the American election, would anything really change till there's a congressional reform?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* In theory yes. You change the direction that things can be pushed. The election of either Trump, Hillary, or x third party could force congress to evaluate different things if their positions are wholly unsupported by the executive branch, along with forcing changes in policy of certain groups like the ATF and DEA. Congress needs to get changed up, including representation of younger individuals instead of old individuals holding on to dreams of the past. Change American by any country elections :S Certainly on the Supreme Court things may change. What actor/actress will automatically make you turn the channel or not watch a movie?  Ben Affleck Melissa McCarthy Tom Cruise Steven Seagal Brad Pitt. He's not a bad actor or anything he just makes me really mad and I don't know why. 0. Tom Cruise
1. John Revolta
2. Alec Baldwin
3. Susan Sarandon Leslie Mann None. Kelsey Grammer 
Angelia Jolie 
Tom cruise Molly Shannon Adam Sandler Clint Eastwood What takes something you love to the next level? like ketchup to grilled cheese?  A few minutes with an electric blanket takes my bed to a whole 'nother level. The only thing better than getting into a cozy bed is getting into a cozy bed that's been pre-warmed.

Also, who puts ketchup with their grilled cheese? Ranch dressing is where it's at. Ketchup?!  \*shudder*

Try capers on the grilled cheese.  Gourmet, right there. Salt, pepper and chopped chives in scrambled eggs that have been cooked with butter in a pan. Adding a bit of peppermint extract to a chocolate chip cookie recipe. You can use other flavors as well, but a hint of mint is my favorite. nitrous oxide. Chipotle Mayo to yam fries Mayonnaise on almost anything. (Sorry, I know that's gross.) Caramel on oranges. Not forthcoming. Like ketchup to grilled cheese? Nothing. That's nasty. What did a grilled cheese ever do to you? Parents of Reddit, what was the first thing you said after you met your child for the first time?  "Did we have twins?" I had to have an emergency c-section and was put under and was pretty drugged up. I saw two babies when I came to. Yep, looks like a potato "He has your nose!" My mom claims my nose has been the same size since birth (I don't see it). She said her first words to me were, "Forget college. We're getting you plastic surgery" Why does she look like an Indian? She was so red and had very dark black hair. She was 9 days late and was almost 9 lbs. Blanche: Is it over?

Maisie: Oh God, it's deformed!(she had a cone head)

Martin: Hello Tiny Dancer

Blaise: Where's the other one?(He's a twin)

Birdie: I want a big mac(giving birth is hungry work You're so gross! I love you already Not a parent, but the first words I said to my baby brother when I saw him at the hospital the first time was "Hey Dadio" I must have heard it somewhere... is it too late for an abortion? You find a genie; what are your three wishes?  I wish to have infinite wishes

Fuck the other two, I have infinite wishes. Fuck you 1) Everyone on Earth is cured of all their aliments permanently.

2) A bag that, upon sticking my hand into it, will return a solid gold bar.

3) Unlimited wishes that I can redeem at any time. Assuming that the traditional rules are in place, my first wish is to remove the rules from wishes, then my next wish is infinite wishes, and from there I can do what I want 1) Kanye West chokes to death on his own dick on live TV in front of the whole world

2) Hillary and trump have a sex tape of the two of them leaked

3) Te USA gets an actual consumer internet infrastructure in all parts of the nation that isn't shit. 1. For my bf and I to close the distance.
2. Lots of money. Enough for my bf, me, and my son to live comfortably and enough for our (immediate) families to live comfortably. 
3. To cure my diabetes and reverse any and all complications from it. I wish for the best damn sandwich I've ever tasted. I wish for infinite funds. I wish for a fourth wish. I wish for ONE MILLION DOLLARS! I wish for a million dollars, but I can't get it all at once so I can't waste it. Also I don't want to be greedy so I can't know when I will get it or plan for it. So I wish to randomly find $20 bills in my pants pockets for the rest of my life. 

Also I wish to only have nice waitresses/waiters. I'd wish genies weren't real 1) stable money where i don't need to worry about which bill to pay and what will be turned off for a couple days 

2) my town be full of thrift stores that actually have good shit in them 

3) unlimited art supply First wish: I wish I knew who the hell came up with this three wish thing? If you're going to be my genie, you're going to be expected to put your back into it. For fucks sake, I rescued you from a bottle. That's worth more than three. To live in an igloo on mercury with seal What was the worst product you ever bought and why was it so terrible?  When I was 14 and therefore hip to all the latest trends, I decided, for one very unfortunate week in September, that I was going to reinvent myself as the bacon guy.  I bought a bacon printed wallet, a series of t-shirts professing my love for bacon.  You get what I'm putting down?  

Most important to this story is that I decided to buy a pack of bacon air fresheners.  You'd probably think "I can see where this is going; bacon may not be a good smell in every situation."  While that's likely true, I never found out.  

The bacon air fresheners smelled nothing like bacon.   

The best way to describe it is, if the manhattan project, instead of spending their time building the atomic bomb, instead decided to create a smell that simultaneously reminded you of every bad meal you've ever made, simultaneously with every chemical you've ever used to clean it up.  

It. Was. Haunting. Your mums vaj Reddit gold for a stranger. 

"Oh my god, my first gold! Thanks, kind stranger!"

"EDIT: of COURSE my highest upvoted/first gilded comment would be about (who gives afuckwhocares)"

"Hijacking this comment to promote my band/makeup line/vanity project" People of Reddit, what's the most creative way to tell your significant other you're pregnant?  Wait a couple months, shoot a baby at them I plan on buying him a "dad" shirt and shoes and telling him he'll need these from now on. Then just sit back and watch the comprehension dawn on his face. A sketched ultrasound? I've actually got a plan for when this happens. I'm going to be baking him a cake (His old family German Chocolate cake recipe), and in addition to the normal icing for the recipe, I'm going to be decorating the top with an image of an oven and the words "Congratulations Baker!". "Not pregnant!" We already had 2 sons. I wrapped up a pair of pink baby socks with little bows and gave it to my husband! He was thrilled! Yes! We had a baby girl! Put a legit bun in the oven and ask your husband to look in the oven. Hey let's watch Alien!

*At the chestburster scene*

You know, that's gonna happen to me in 8 months. And it's not yours. I've never got anyone pregnant but my ex dropped this one on me: "I got pregnant by that dude that I cheated on you with that was twice my age a month after we moved in together and now we're married and my due date is your birthday! Neat, huh?" I'm fine What is something you weren't expecting but were happy when you got it?  Twins, I was glad when they both finally came out. Maybe the next set will be triplets. Child support. $2000! Yea! Where's the rest deadbeat? Falling for my bf, who I met on a game. Another birthday. An erection while watching talk sex with sue When she slipped a finger in my ass during a BJ Redditors with PM_ME type names: how often do people do so? What is the most interesting response youve gotten?  They do so reasonably often. I'm just going to link the last time I posted about this.

https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4vorn1/pm_me_account_owners_care_to_show_us_some/d604kgp They're usually disgusting fats :( Which subreddit do you feel is widely overrated?  /r/funny r/news is fairly biased r/jokes The one about make out movies. You have a gun to your head, the attacker says he will let you go if you can make him laugh in under 30 seconds what video/gif do you show him?  Balloon Shop's skit called Grilled Cheese. These guys were great.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=jHD6gA4FIgI Duck army. I'm on mobile and I'm too lazy to pit a link. http://giphy.com/gifs/hot-dog-girl-face-JVqeFxl3Qo8 the only true answer How to cut an apple without your hands

I mean it counts if you skip past the intro so...

https://youtu.be/GCwds6D2XpA Sailcat. I've seen it a hundred times and still laugh. Unfortunately, I'd be dead 5 seconds before it ended... 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Awf45u6zrP0 What is the worst argument/fight you and your best friend ever had(which your freindship survived)?  Me explaining I was atheist was a pretty good one. Slept with his girlfriend...he was mad, but apparently she was all about other guys and he knew it so he just said "bros before hos" and we moved on like it never happened We threw each other's shoes in a puddle of urine You have to make a horror movie based on your pet's worst fear. What is the name and premise of the movie?  VaccYOU-m "Left behind." She thinks the consequences will be the same. Me repeatedly trying to get in the shower. He barks and growls as if there was an unseen evil waiting for me. The Vacuuming

I've never actually gotten to finish the movie. It really sucks Attack of Fish Tank Filter. The filter begins to move and approach him, making the humming noise it always does. Invasion of the foil baloons. Probably "Killer Garbage trucks from the unknown." It is, of course, about loud garbage trucks that are probably trying to kill everyone but you aren't too sure. The Devil's Liquid
"Fluffy thought water was just a drink...UNTIL IT GOT ON HER FUR" "kitty has no food". the cat's food bowl is empty. The Storm: The Violent Sky Cometh

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bmWO3V5WFI "I Ate The Whole Thing". Self explanatory. The Neighbor Chickens Cross Us When were you the volunteer from the audience that went on stage?  I got picked out of a crowd to pet a dolphin at sea world when I was like 4 and adorable as hell. Universal studios. I had a pie thrown in my face! Rocky Horror Picture Show for the Time Warp dance. For Australian redditors... what's your best Muck Up Day prank story?  My brother bogged his diesel ute on the school soccer pitch. He was the only student that owned that sort of vehicle. In your opinion, What pedestrian shit gets a disproportionate amount of love?  Opinions Ignoring crosswalks. What is the worst song you've ever heard?  https://youtu.be/eJm2neag9NU Rebecca Black, Friday. Makes me shudder just thinking about it You make my speakers go boom boom song by Luke B.

The last time I was forced to listen to this song end to end I suffered a psychological break down and ended up driving 17 hours non stop to Leesburg, Georgia to find Luke Bryan and kill him believing I was  Merle Haggard resurrected coming to avenge the death of country music.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BF4PdmNoiwk Blake Shelton, Way With Words

https://youtu.be/iW5Cf64d7KA

Fucking dreadful, try to get past 2 min That kid's Pokemon Go song. It's fucking torture, I can't open the app anymore.

Don't do it: https://youtu.be/vfc42Pb5RA8 https://youtu.be/cLyUcAUMmMY   I just find her voice very irritating. Daddy Yankee - Shaky Shaky My Pal Foot Foot by The Shaggs. 

https://youtu.be/XR9d4ESlpHY Burberry Perry - Beautiful Day. Featuring Kylie Jenner Chumbawanba - Tubthumping.

God awful pile of trash song.   [Barf.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2H5uWRjFsGc) Blood on the Dance Floor - Bewitched [Gunther - Ding Dong Song](https://youtu.be/z13qnzUQwuI) [Developers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMU0tzLwhbE) [Treat You Better by Shawn Mendes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lY2yjAdbvdQ).  Just generic and stupid lyrics all together.  I can't stand it. [Ass ass ass ass ass](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pn1VGytzXus).... gross As in bad musically or bad content-wise.
I beat my meat by Ugly God is catchy but gross content [Do me tonight](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZ8OAfIp-bE)
The video is also awesome. [Freaxxx by brokeNCYDE](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-TH5ibABP4U). I dare you to listen to the entire thing. I fucking dare you. Freewill by Rush. Or Tom Sawyer by Rush. Or just Rush. Okay, I know that people can have objective tastes in music but Rush is just too much. It's horrible trash. The lead singers voice grates in my ear. Every song is the musical equivalent of a turd. 

I challenge anyone to give me a worse song than anything by Rush. Hint: it doesn't exist, because rush is THE WORDT IN THE WORLD. That fucking drake song pipline bling...some shit like that. Have you even heard of Nickelback? What was your most embarrassing moment no one saw?  I tried opening this jar of strawberry jam for like a good ten minutes. I eventually gave up and left it on the counter.

My niece(age 9) comes home from school a few hours later and pops it open with her gorilla hands in less than a second. Let's just say it involves buttholes and ice buckets i pissed down the inseam of my pants.. you couldn't really tell that it had happened... Nature called and didn't know what poison oak looked like. Lesson learned. The one no one saw or read about. What disney movie has the best soundtrack?  Lion King and it isn't close. Aladdin will always be my favorite. Elton John murdered Mufasa The Brave Little Toaster is just delightful None. If you could put anything AT ALL on a t-shirt/sweatshirt, what would it be?  You actually can Without getting sued? A whole bunch of wild shit Spaghetti sauce. What would be a terrible subreddit to troll?  /r/suicidewatch /r/depression r/sexyhitler /r/ForeverAlone I feel like everyone in r/TwoXChromosomes already wants to beat me up. What is the best/entertaining high thought you have ever had?  [Serious] Im going to regret this but since it's that month:what is your creepiest/paranormal/ufo encounter?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I've had several, but I will talk about one.

When I lived with an ex, we came home from grocery shopping one night and as I entered the back door (next to the driveway), I saw a black figure at the bottom of the basement steps run to the right side of the basement. I screamed and dropped my bags. My ex came running back to me and I told him what I saw. He went upstairs to the second apartment to get his sister's bf and his dog while I waited where I first saw the "person". My ex and his sister's bf and his dog searched the basement and found no one, nor any sign of anyone leaving or having broken in. I thought maybe I could have imagined it...

Except for two nights later as I was laying in bed wide awake watching tv, something caught the corner of my eye and when I turned my head to look, I saw a tall black figure move from the hallway into the kitchen. 

That was the only two times I saw this apparition, but other unusual things happened until I moved out. I worked at a hotel for a few years as a bartender. One of the rooms was supposed to be "haunted". Full disclosure I don't believe in paranormal or that kind of stuff but it is an interesting story.

There are three strange events that all happened in the same room. I wrote this on my phone without proofreading so bear with me. 

First event: 

A few years before I worked there. A wealthy man was staying the room and decided to have a party with hookers. The party caused a huge disturbance and security showed up. The man was very cooperative with hotel security and the party was shut down. At around 4 am, he called room service and asked that a steak to be sent to his room. Room service came up, he paid for the steak, no problems. Check out was at 2pm the same day. That's when things got really fucked up. He never showed up to check out. 
Occasionally people do forget to formally check out, which is why the hotel keeps a card on file. Security is always dispatched when events like this occur, so they went into his room. After a moment of looking around, they found him dead in the shower with literally half a steak shoved down his throat. 

Second event: 

A bachelorette party is taking place at the hotel. 6 girls are all sharing the same room together. That day they were partying and drinking heavily at the pool. Around 11:00 pm one of the ladies goes back to the room to lay down because she felt like she had too much to drink. Which she did, at this point I was bartending for them. The other five girls continued to stay and drink while she was gone.
At 12:30am there is a call to the front desk from the girl that had gone back to her room. She claimed that someone had been in their room and she didn't know where he went but heard the door close. They asked what had happened and the story went something like this: 
She went back to the room and was laying down watching tv. At some point she dosed off and was woken up by a door closing. Oddly enough the tv was off and the room was completely dark. She claimed a shadowy figure was in front of her bed, so she closed her eyes and pulled the sheet over her head. When she took the sheet off the figure was gone. She decided to get out of bed to turn the lights off, and when her feet hit the floor she stepped in water. After finding the light switch, she saw a trail of water that lead from the shower and curled around to the side of the bed she was sleeping on. She hadn't showered and nobody had been on the room for several hours. 

Third event: 

A man is staying at the hotel on a business venture. I met him that night, very pleasant guy but obviously an alcoholic. 

He ends up drinking way to much, to the point where I cut him off. I think this was around 11pm. He politely agreed he had to much and told me he was going back to his room.  What happened after, nobody is really sure of. All we know is he found more to drink elsewhere. At around 1:30 am they found him on the cafe patio without any pants on peeing on the furniture. Security was alerted and let him know that they would have to report this to the company he was staying with. They took him back to his room. 

A few hours later the man orders a steak. Room service comes to his room, he pays leaving a generous tip while still polite as ever. 

11:00 am his wife calls the hotel in panic. His sons soccer game was in a couple hours and he was supposed to be home a couple hours ago. She can't reach him on his phone, and has no idea where he is. 

Hotel security investigates. After entering the room they hear the shower running. They call out his name a few times. No response. They knock on the door saying they are coming in. No response. They open the door and everything is covered in blood. One of the guys from security calls 911 while the other looks into the shower. The man with his wrists and throat cut. In his hand was a butter knife. As the security guard backed away from the body he noticed a steak on a break plate, half eaten with a clean steak knife on it. 

The guy killed himself hours before seeing his wife and son with a butter knife. This is a true story. It still to this day makes no sense to me today. What reminder did you use the remindme bot for?  Lots of people use it for when the Reddit Hug of Death has killed off an interesting website and they want to see it later. Remind me! In 30,000 days Cab/Uber drivers of reddit: What's the most interesting thing that's happened in your vehicle?  You get to give yourself one piece of advice, one year ago, what would you tell yourself?  She isn't worth it Change your major now and not next year. Invest every last dollar in nintendo and just wait Go to Italy now. Don't switch up your weight lifting routine to use all dumbbells or you're going to have a bad time. Take all your money and bet on trump to win the republican nomination.  Would have much more money right now. Realistically I wouldn't listen, so nothing. "Chill. Things are gonna be awesome a year from now." I don't know. I'd probably lie to myself and say 

"Hey, if you lose 30 pounds this smoking hot chick will have sex with you" 

because I probably wouldn't listen anyways Don't get even remotely involved in other people's relationships. Look for jobs and housing in Connecticut ASAP. You're going to have to move there anyway, and this way you might skip living with your parents. Don't read this. Don't waste your money on an Oculus Rift Get the fuck off DotA and do your coursework, you little shit. What small things do you do in your daily life that makes it much more enjoyable?  I give out at least one complement to a stranger. Makes me feel good inside, and hopefully makes the stranger feel happy. I carry tea with me everywhere I go so if I'm not doing so great all I need is some hot water. I've already got my favorite tea to enjoy and cozy up with at my desk. It's really helped me stay calm and happy at work. Be most excellent to everyone, dude. Listen to music. Smile and be kind to those around you. read for at least an hour Jack it anytime I have a moment. Make all my kids take a nap/play quietly in their room at the same time. I have a cup of coffee, read, play video games, or whatever I'm in the mood for. I'm a lot better mom when I get that reset & refresh time in the middle of the day. I wake up and look outside at the sunrise over my mango tree and pond.

I eat healthy.  I'm one of the few people who gets their daily fruits, vegetables, and dietary fiber.  It makes me feel great and energized compared to shitty processed food.

I also have predictable parts of my meals.  I eat the same bran flakes for breakfast every day.  For dinner, I have the same vegetable soup from the happiest part of my childhood, which I prepare fresh on the weekend.

I swim every evening in my pool.

Finally, I tell everyone I love that I love them at least daily.

I am a creature of certain routines, but the routines keep me comfortable, reduce stress, and I feel great. I enjoy fixing people's incorrect grammar (e.g., it should be "make" rather than "makes" in your original question).

But really, it would have to be canoodling with my kitties and going swimming. Remind myself to enjoy life. It makes the day easier to go around trying to have fun with what you're doing rather than taking everything so damn seriously. I smoke weed, it just makes everything better, life enhancement at its best! What do you dislike most about Facebook ?  Minion quotes. My family That it's run by Facebook All the fucking shared posts. I want to know what my friends are doing, not some random stranger. Ranting posts unless they are meant to be funny. Most are just bitching and moaning now a days though. Why can't it go back to 2005 FB? Those were the days Gah my grandma! She has 20 friends and everything I like she has to like it too even though she doesn't know them. Every fucking post is now a video that plays automatically... For someone who doesn't have an unlimited data plan, what a pain in the ass What's the weirdest thing you've seen on someone's phone/computer when they've asked you for help with something?  back in the day when people still used limewire and that crap, a bunch of pictures and videos that i didn't open with names like 'incest rape' and such. Who is your favorite secondary Simpsons character?  Gotta be Ralph. Ralph 2020 Ralph Chief Wiggum Frink Disco Stu Snake Sideshow Bob Barney Luann Van Houten Milhouse. What do you call your private parts and how did they get their name?  Penis. From the latin word of the same spelling meaning tail. Han Solo and No Show.... Primary school accident.... The baby factory because of all the babies that it has made. Linda - I honestly have not a fucking clue That's private and we don't know you. [serious] Which famous person have you fapped to the most?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Keemstar Alyssa Milano Mila Kunis Kim kardashians nudes lol Hmmmm probably Brittney. At the time Hit me baby one more time came out I was at an age where jerking it was possibly the most significant part of my day. Jessica Alba is also another contender (Idle Hands!!!) Victoria Justice Probably Debby Ryan. Joseph Merrick. What type of person gets adoration for truly pedestrian feats?  The disabled? The ones at the crosswalk during rush hour. Which song(s) can you play on loop for hours but never get bored?  Dearly Departed by Marianas Trench. I've had it looping for the past 2 months. What's New Pussycat, love playing this 8 times at the bar The theme song to Tranformers the Movie (1980s, not Bays PoS) Incubus's Morning View album Drove from Miami to Key West listening to "Breakdown" by Guns N' Roses over and over and over... I can honestly go months with Dark Side of the Moon in my car stereo. [ by meishi smile](https://soundcloud.com/meishismile/like)

It is in cantonese, but it's about the beat rather than lyrics. There's a website that let's you do this! InfiniteJukebox! What's A Good (legal) Hustle To Start Online ?  I think any hustle is illegal one way or another. That's why nobody gets rich by following the laws perfectly. Just do what the Clinton's have done, set up a Foundation and take in tons of money, but never do any charitable work with the funds. How many of you have fallen for the phone vibrating, browser hostage taking websites?  I fall for them all the time. But I always have enough speed to close the browser before it gets too bad. What is the weirdest thing you have found in a computer?  Windows Vista Literally inside a computer, recently deceased lizard. IE True love Foot fetish porn and shitty love poems In next 100 years most of us will be dead if not all of course, is there a thing of which you are upset or even happy because you will not be able to see it?  I can only hope I don't live to see the day when pedophiles have their "civil rights" movement. Just a matter of time till that happens, and you know they'll have kids marching right along with them. The future in general. I want to see the 5th element johnny mnemonic future. I'm bummed I that i will not be around when everyones gives up the religious faith they hold near and dear to their hearts for... Phish.  One world united under Phish.  Bag it, tag it, sell it to the butcher at the store!!!! Well this will be much later than 100 years, but eventually the Andromeda & Milky Way galaxies will collide & humans (if still existent) will get to see the (slow and drawn out) effects of this. Totally would love to see that. I dont want to see how world turns in amoral disrespectful shameless piece of shit I'm gonna be pissed when they invent the immortality pill like a year after I die Wanna see what will happen to giant companies like Apple in future, what will they make to impress "Crawl out through the fallout" playing every 10 minutes from a pipboy I'm kind of glad that I won't be around for the sun dying and enveloping Earth. I would very much like to be around when we find alien life. Or more likely, when it finds us. With 7 billion on earth its even now pretty tight, i dont want to see how much tight will be with increased population I'm interested to see if the scientists (and average Joes) that subscribe to the possibility of immortality, or at least drastically lengthened lifespans, are right. 

I think I'd get bored living too long, but I'm still not comfortable with death. What kind of srcret cult would you not be surprised to find that the most successful celebrities belong to?  Scientology The breakfast club fight club What intersting habits do you have?  I often say hello to birds, just a "hey bird" kind of thing, no idea why Always shut both the lid and seat before flushing, always hit my shoes together when getting in a car I'm always day dreaming. My brain never stops and I'm constantly thinking of something but I absolutely love it I'll sometimes sing the tune that's stuck in my head out loud I thing this topic is very intersting for get knowledge of other persons. Let my car idle for a few minutes before driving off. Care for your cars, y'all. What movie would you give an 8/10?  Ant-Man Eh...Tangled. The new Birth of a Nation movie The new RoboCop The Nice Guys What is the scariest thing you have ever experienced?  The scariest moment of my life was the 3-4 seconds of silence waiting for the judge to decide who got custody of my son (me). Never want to go through that again Waking up in the hospital unable to move or talk Choking on food and not being breatha at all and get it out. Took dad the Heimlich maneuver to get it out. Was 8 yrs old at the time. Many yrs ago. What is funniest thread/comment you've ever come across?  Pun threads are the best. What was the worst night of your life?  Food poisoning about 2 years ago. 

Literal agony. The night that I tried to kill myself. Rough times. The night my ex-bf raped me in our best friend's bedroom while he was downstairs getting drinks for us. Any night my girlfriend decides to take all the fucking blankets Making my oldest daughter. There is no hurt worse than when a man pulls away from you after sex and tell you not to touch him. What is the biggest movie plot flaw ever?  If Indiana Jones had stayed home the Nazis would have gotten obliterated by the Ark regardless. 

There'd be no adventure movie and the US government wouldn't have 'top men' storing the Ark in the warehouse, but, same outcome for the antagonists. Two words: time turners.

WTF Joanne. The T1000 is liquid metal which cannot go back in time. That it would be easier to train oil drillers to be astronauts then it would be to train astronauts to work a drill. Plot-Hole Bruce Almighty imo, I mean, Morgan Freeman. Ohh, so that's why he's Free, man. Anyway, he redeemed himself in Shawshank but he turns out to be God all along? What a plot hole The Butterfly Effect. In lotr, if when the enemy has Saron's ring they control all others, how did the men & elves unite to fight against them? (In the prolougue/ 2nd age battle scene) The ending of Hot Tub Time Machine. Reddit, what is the most disturbing movie you've ever seen?  A Serbian Film Jesus  Camp 


They made children pray to a cardboard cutout of George Bush. Human centipede Bad Boy Bubby human centipede Antichrist. Never never watch that movie. I seriously felt like my house was haunted after watching that movie by the bad energy and how disgusting it was. If the DVD wasn't rented I would have destroyed it. I will never watch another movie with those actors in it and I think everyone involved especially the director has serious problems Fantasia. That shit fucked me up. Jack and Jill The Poughkeepsie Tapes. Really disturbing content portrayed in a pretty realistic scenario The Human Centipede Director's cut of Butterfly Effect. It's such a beautiful day. Some weird shit American Psycho. I wouldn't really say disturbing, well sort of.... but holy shit did I like the end of Gone Girl Tideland.  The most f up film you'll ever watch. Still creeps me out. Makes all the aforementioned seem like nick jr shows. Gummo. It was so disturbing that not only did I not finish it, I stopped being friends with the guy who recommended it. I couldn't help but think that he was a bad person. I found the end of Chernobyl Diaries the most disturbing out of the whole movie. What gif always makes you laugh?  [Wait for it...](http://i.imgur.com/yAQCm.gif) For those of you who moved around a lot as a child, what were the pros (if any) and cons of it?  If you ever did something embarrassing, or if you ever fucked up, you end up just moving away and starting fresh Pros : Lots of new friends.  
Cons : Missing out on important chapters of education, and saying goodbye to a lot of those awesome new friends. Pros: a new house is interesting 

Cons: moving a lot sucks. Same school district for half of it but moving still sucks. Because we moved so much, my brother and I stayed close.  We were each other best friends for the first few months of every move.  Sometimes he got popular first and sometimes I got popular first but we never abandoned the other.  

I think that this has given me a greater capacity for empathy than I ever would've had plus I still consider my brother my best friend, which is a relationship that a lot of people I know are envious of. I got to see many different country's but have no one I can call a childhood friend. Dad was in the airforce... moved every three years to different parts of the country.... the pros..got to see a lot of new places make a lot of new friends... the cons... lost touch with friends... biggest pro... Facebook helped get back in touch with old old friends... when everyone experiences a transient friendship...somehow friendship becomes even more stronger.... the sense of loss is on both sides... and now on Facebook we connect like we r still kids. Cons: If you're shy and introverted it sucks in so many ways...

Pros: You realize there's always nice things out there to discover and starts to accept and even like the changes. In a certain way i think it builds up something like resilience. Pros:

Cons:

 Gaps/overlaps on my education.  (Having to read several lit books more than once in different schools, missing the 4th grade unit on fractions entirely.)

Pre-internet, so lots of friends I never saw or heard from again

The perpetual awkwardness of always being the new girl What would an ancient Roman /r/Showerthoughts look like?  Spurinna the haruspex spoke truly of Caesar's death! I dunno, but I made /r/bcromeshowerthoughts, cause it sounds hilarious. Holy coitvs! This website NVTS! What kind of Dank Memes do they have on Mount Olympus? What if Augustus is so good at being a king, he makes us think he's not a king?

On second thought, that may be more of a Roman Sudden Clarity Clarence. I would be so impressed to see a thread full of standard shower thoughts, in Latin. I wonder if I should appoint my horse as consul? Reddit, what are your best dad jokes?  My dad always said "It's going to be cold today and hot tamale!" How does NASA organize a party?

They planet You know what I love about a good steak pun? It's a rare medium, well done. What did you think of your parents as a child?  I was afraid of them. [deleted] I loved and respected my parents a lot. But I took them for granted and didn't appreciate them until I was older. They looked liked normal kids from the photos. As a child: They provided a caring and nurturing environment. I wanted to be just like them.

As a teen through my 20's: That love turned to resentment when I realized they weren't super heroes; just flawed individuals. 

In my 30's: I realize how hard they've worked all their lives. Even if I thought they fucked up, they tried their best. I'm forever grateful for their unconditional love. I'm forever grateful I'm just like them. Scared of them then, scared of them now. What year was the most exciting for you?  1928, the first year of sliced bread... Everything else gets compared to that one. Earlier his year I was falling in love, now I'm only falling apart. What's the smallest thing you still feel guilty about?  [deleted] I went to a corner store one day and the cashier asked if I could give one of her customers a ride. He was an old man and it was a hot day but I wasn't going where he needed to go. The old man said it was no big deal but I still felt bad.

I think I declined originally because it was such an awkward situation for me. I was a first time customer there and the cashier suddenly asks me "which way are you going? Can you give this man a ride?" I felt pretty uncomfortable about it but as I was driving away I felt bad because I could have easily just done it. Lying to my mother about who ate the chocolate sprinkles, when I was seven. Lying to my first grade teacher saying my family spoke Spanish. Spotify. I can have literally a million songs on my playlist and I would still pay the same price. Eating a jellybean off the floor in a supermarket when i was 5, for the next few months I shat myself whenever I heard a police siren, in my head I was a pocket sized vigilante When did you correct your teacher (and get in trouble)?  I was in 8th grade, and used the word "abyssal" in a poem in "advanced" English.  My teacher (who was also the headmaster's wife) claimed "that's not a word."  

I pointed to the words "abyssal plain" on the large world map on the wall.  Nonetheless, I received an immediate thrashing from the headmaster for my impudence. What could possibly go wrong on the first day of school for either teacher or student?  School shooters suck Selfie Porn leak. Teacher/student sex Shart in class I get the wrong class list, I get a special needs kid, nobody has the right supplies, my kid decides to fuck up. What's the 'Strangers-think-they-know-each-other story?  A person meet someone and talk to a person whom they think they may know, but is not the person and is eventually revealed or something like that. I walked up to someone and hugged them from behind because they looked just like my friend Mckenzie. We found out fast AF. Besides the typical violent crimes from the movies, what crimes would you commit if the Purge were enacted in your country?  Setting deadly traps to be discovered after the purge. Operating a motor vehicle without a license. collecting rain water. Lots of theft.  Would be robbing pharmacies like no one's business.  Sell it all off wholesale before the sun come up enjoy another year of free living. Insurance fraud? Hustle penny stock. Hop the border. Step 1. Me and some buddies get jobs working at the Mint.
Step 2. Stay there during the Purge, it will have great security and we can lock it down tight. Hang out there all night making money.
Step 3. Totally real money, deposit it in the bank first thing in the morning.
Step 4. Retire. What do you think is widely underrated?  Egg salad sandwiches Honesty. Death Walking outside on a cool, windy day. Robert Downey Jr. Reddit, collecting as many interesting personal stories as possible. They range from the Heavyhearted stories from Grandfathers time on the western front, to the fool-heartily times with a friend. So Reddit what are your stories from your/parents/grandparents/ect. lives?  My great grandmother had a very interesting life. Her mother died during childbirth and her siblings blamed/abused her for it. She was made to sleep in a barn and was fed mostly scraps. One time her brother made fried chicken for everyone and fried a rat for her to eat.

She grew into a rediculously strong woman though. Her first husband left her for another woman with 3 kids and no money. When the new woman showed up at her house to show off her new diamond and mink my great grandmother knocked her down a flight of stairs. 

Second husband was a railman who came home dtunk and beat the hell out her nightly. One night she had enough and told him he wasn't allowed in the house if he smelled like booze. Being the 40's he promptly came home drunk the next night. She responded by answering the door with a loaded shotgun and cocking it aimed at his face. He ran around the house and into the cellar, so she promptly aimed down and blew a hole in the kitchen floor; supposedly she knocked the cap off his head.

She was a tough old lady and became a pervert in her old age. She watched a lot of WWF back in the 90's abs once told me "I only watch it because they wear those tiny little shorts and one of these days somethings gonna pop out and I'm not gonna miss that!" Which is more than a touch offputting coming from an 80 year old strict baptist  (she thought dancing was a one way ticket to hell as was being Catholic).


My family actually has a lot of great stories!  My grandparents were hid friends with Patsy Cline and Charlie Pride passed out drunk in our yard once. You can read Jack and Rochelle in my case.  

And you may as well toss in Chaime Soutine; he was a popular painter at the time, who died in the countryside of France where squareheads were encroaching. Nurses of Reddit, what are your stories?  What movie would you rate 10/10?  Dude.. A Room With a View The Shawshank Redemption. Spaceballs Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Training Day.

Denzel Washington at his best. The Prestige. Brother Bear Ghost in the Shell Teachers of reddit, what's the craziest, dumbest, or stupidest excuse you've heard a student pull to get out of an assignment/test?  Not a teacher, but a class mate that has since dropped out's mom got deathly sick like 4 times in 6 weeks. As a student, I have came up with some pretty ridiculous excuses that actually worked. One time I told a teacher that I was going to help my grandmother paint her house and she excused me from the test had it not count for me. I forgot my letters and numbers. Kindergarten's a weird time. Reddit, what are you jealous about another time zone?  NFL Games starting at 10 AM on the Pacific coast. Weird to be jealous about but I'd love to wake up to football. What movie has a terrible actor, in a otherwise good movie?  Sofia Coppola in Godfather part III. Jesus Christ.....you call that acting? Maleficent. I thought Angelina Jolie was horrible. Devil's Advocate Keanu Reeves What do you think the worst crime is?  The true answer should be murder, because you are taking someone's else life.

But I think it's rape. You are violating someone and its an incident that they carry forever. I've read that some describe it as stealing their dignity. I'm sure there are others who can give a better description of it Every crime the Clinton Crime Family has done ! Sexual violence on a minor is as dark as I can fathom. Burglarsonarceny The genocide of innocents.  

I'm looking at you, God! Murdering unborn children. What is some good advice to consider when planning a road trip?  Get the vehicle serviced before hand. Make sure your tires are good to go. Have a jack and a full sized spare. Plan it! Just plan it! Don't let your dreams be dreams!

Seriously, you need to create an inventory of:

* What you're gonna eat
* Where you're gonna be, on what days
* What you need for the road
* Where you're gonna stop to get sleep
* Interesting places to visit on the way

Build an itinerary, and give a copy to someone who can verify you're going to be where you're at and follow up if you don't show up there. Cover your ass, bring at least $200 cash, and be flexible. Make sure you know when things like restaurants close and make sure you plan when and where you're eating Make sure that spare tire is full of air and doesn't leak. Take a pump with you just in case. Consider the space you'll need for a cooler/snacks. Always keep it stocked with water! The route you're taking and the estimated time you'll be on certain roads.  If you're driving through Atlanta it's best not to drive through it during rush hour Make sure you're able to spend twice as much as you expect to need.  You don't want to be begging for gas money on the street in Bozeman, Montana. Pace out your driving schedule realistically and don't let any single person overdo it, sure someone can go 12+ hours straight behind the wheel without any significant stops aside from gas, but it isn't a good idea. Time change! I live in Iowa, and went to a military course in Georgia; it should be a 14 hours drive, so I did all the backwards math to get there right at 8:00, check in was no later than 9:00. Drove, drove, drove, sped a bit and ate quickly, and arrived right at 8:00 according to the clock on my car. the Clock on my phone, gps based, said 900. forgot I had a time change. had to drive another 20 miles out of the way to check in to a hotel to recheck in again that morning. pain in the butt Bring at least 1 roll of toilet paper.  You laugh now until you walk out of a stall with only 1 sock... * Fill up on gas when you're at 1/4 tank.  Your road trip can get pretty nasty when you run out of gas several miles between exits. 

* Have a car charger and keep your phone charged.  Nothing worse than having an incident and your phone is dead. I have been on a few large road trips, including one across half of America, over a week. Things that came in handy...

1- Have a planned route, and have it on paper. GPS won't always work.

2- Two or more people to a car. You need a navigator/moral support.

3- Water. Driving through Death Valley is nuts.

4- Don't be afraid to pull over for the hell of it. If you wanna just stand up and walk for a minute, or you see something cool, pull over and do it/check it out.

5- National parks are cool.

6- Find places you want to go, and go to them, even if they're out of the way.

7- It's ok to spend a *little* extra money, you're going to anyway.

That's what I'm coming up with off the top of my head. Search for grocery stores or mass-merch retailers like Wal-Mart that have gas stations.  Use these as your rest areas.  Gas is usually cheaper at these locations than your regular big-chain gas stations (Shell, Chevron, BP, QuikTrip), the restrooms are usually cleaner (in the store proper), and besides, you can stock up on snacks or other essentials (personal hygiene, OTC meds, even get refills on prescription meds in some cases).


I've done this when my mom and I would drive down to Florida from Georgia.  I'd use a Wal-Mart gift card to fill up on gas (used them regularly), and we'd pop into the store for some essentials if we needed them.  We'd first go into the one in our own town, then we'd make a pitstop at a Wal-Mart in Montgomery, AL.  We'd often make another pitstop at a Welcome Center/Rest Area near the FL/AL state line.


If crossing state lines, use those welcome centers/rest areas.  They're great for "tapping a kidney" (using the bathroom) as well as checking out what attractions the state has to offer.  You can get out and "stretch your legs" or even just relax a bit, let the car cool down, and eat a picnic lunch at a table.


If traveling with more than one adult, take turns driving.  Perhaps each person spends anywhere between 2 to 4 hours driving at a time.  Granted that everyone is licensed and insured.


Program a playlist that will keep you awake, alert, and energized.  If traveling with others, allow them to connect their phones or players to your car's stereo system and play their music.  Depending on how open you are about music in general, you might want to set some ground rules, such as no severe profanity, no specific genres or artists, or anything else. Make sure at least one person knows your entire route and can periodically check up on you at predetermined checkpoints. If video clips could be tattooed onto skin, what would you get and where?  Der Kommissar by Falco A cartoon Jedi fight on my back left shoulder. Or nyan cat. [Moribund Malediction](https://vimeo.com/176980752) from Ava's Demon. honestly anywhere. everywhere. https://youtu.be/TNxm0rnVOFs this, above my dick What would be in a perpendicular universe?  Mathematics.

This theory is called Platonism. People walking up the sides of buildings. There's a theory where the entropy in this world goes to that one. Ergo if you set a cup of coffee in a room the coffee would get warmer and the room would get colder. What movie plot line if told in reverse would still sound interesting? How would the story go?  A happy Austrian family that enjoys singing together is torn apart by the Nazi invasion. The father grows more and more distant, and once he becomes a shadow of his former self the mother leaves the family and, with nowhere else to go, becomes a nun. Eventually the father, fully succumbing to his depression, bans music and laughter within the house, while his ex-wife can only find comfort on her brief excursions away from the convent during which she sings alone on top of the mountains.

Ladies and gentlemen, The Music of Sound. Truman Show, A man leaves the real world, to trade his privacy for absolute security and comfort. He tangles with the lack of privacy but begins to settle into a seemingly perfect world where he has no worries. He slowly even accepts lack of true affection for the ritual of marriage "Momento" Fight club.  a guy uses magic to raise buildings, fights with and successfully suppresses his alter ego, and then goes back to work like nothing happened after enjoying one last flight with his alter ego. Interstellar. A man backtracks through all the things he's done before  for reasons bigger than himself looking for his daughter because he realises that she's far more important to him than all the grandiose things he'd been trying to protect before. An iceberg repairs a sunken ship, resurrecting its passengers and everyone has a nice journey home. Inception.

It would be exactly the same. Primer. Still wouldn't know what was going on. What was a caveman's analog of a smartphone?  Yelling What's a technology bandwagon that's actually annoying?  All the chat clients telling other people when you're typing and vice versa Apple Technology in general. People keep making new things that aren't needed or useful and are making old stuff obsolete by doing that. It's actually dangerous for how we store information, but that's a different rant that I don't feel like making right now. Basically, if we stopped innovating in almost all fields except for medicine and stuff, we would be fine. But that won't happen because if even one person makes something new people will get competitive. This is one of the drawbacks of our world. We should all convert into one world communist government. No more countries or companies. What's something funny or awkward that you have gotten in trouble for at work?  I sent anonymous sms from the internet to a girl who was trying to play mind games with me... apparently saying her arse was as big as the horses that won the melbourne cup..and asking if I could ride her next year...wasnt appropriate.

People are so sensitive. One of mine was that I was playing music on a speaker in the dish room at work and was listening to Tenacious D, then a little boy who was about 6 opened the door and came in and heard the "f" word, and asked his mom what it meant, needless to say I got quite the lecture. What are some of your guys stories? A teenage guy whose last name was Pak came in with his girlfriend to pick up an order. He's a regular, but I'd never seen the girl before. I joked, "Hey if you guys get married, you could be a 2Pak!" (I pronounced it like Tupac.)

The only reasons I didn't get in trouble were that Pak laughed...and so did my manager, who was standing behind me. What is the least violent crime that you could commit that deserves to have you shot by a cop?  Go on a masturbating spree while robbing banks and throwing rubber chickens out of a customized nerf gun that totally wasn't from the black market.

Now you may ask: "trollz0r, how do you throw something that you're shooting out of a nerf gun?" To which I reply; your priorities are way out of whack if that's what you're focused on and not the chronic masturobber. That or completely intact, I personally don't quite know myself. Charging $800 for an Epipen that costs $8.

Capital punishment for white collar crime! Walking my dog off her leash Fraud. Honestly, all business people deserve to be shot in the neck. There are situations in which shooting someone is justified, but no one ever deserves it. Have a tail light out. Collect rainwater. Feed the homeless. Live off the grid. Child molestation. Aiming finger guns at a cop, which in reality, in low light and high paced situations, you deserve to get shot.  

If you listen to a cop, you won't get shot. Pretty easy really. What was the most impressive thing nobody witnessed you do?  Getting thrown off a jet ski at about 40 mph and passing out when I got hurled into at least 80 feet of water in a Dallas lake. I was wearing a life jacket, which is why I'm here typing. I caught a fly in my bedroom
In the middle of the night 
With the lights off
Barehanded
And didn't squish it

It's honestly the most impressive thing I've ever done in my life.

Confession: it was not on my first attempt. When I was young I was looking at my reflection in an old, funny shaped lamp, when my brother came over and looked too. Somehow, from my perspective, it looked like my big head on his small body. I laughed so hard I thew up... on our new carpet... when my grandparents were visiting. So, no one else saw it and I just ended up looking like some idiot kid who threw up on new carpeting in front of his grandparents because he saw his reflection in a lamp... well I guess that is what happened. Guessing the combination of one of the lockers at school. I was not able to duplicate the results. What's one movie you don't hear enough about on Reddit that you like?  rarely ever see Fight Club mentioned

maybe its because of the rules I loved Starship Troopers but it doesn't get much respect from what I can see Butter Irreversible Super 8. It's a really great Spielberg movie. The Watchmen Bowfinger. Hilarious comedy with Steve Martin and Eddie Murphy. Trollhunter. Easily my favorite "found footage" movie. TROLL!! Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind. What is your best/worst caught masturbating story?  My brother was a big wow player; huge screen, black out curtains the works, huge headphones, the works.   I was very blessed when I was a kid to have a pretty big house, big enough that we had an intercom system so mom would call us when it was time to eat.  So mom calls to everyone on the com that its time to eat, so we all race upstairs, except Scott isnt there. Mom keeps calling him, and he never comes up. Mom goes downstairs to get him, she comes up not 2 minutes later, very visibly upset, and says "eat" to me and my sister. We didnt ask what happens. Scott very sheepishly comes up walks upstairs about 10 minutes later, but we decide not to ask. After dinner, he doesnt tell us what happened. About 2 weeks later, a couple of guys on the XC team come laughing hysterically to me, saying that that night, scott was playing, he decided to watch porn at that exact moment, Jerking it to some some crazy interracial anal porn scene beating it just... hard.  But he had his headphones in, and his computer faced away from teh computer, so when mom opened the door, she kept calling his name, but he didnt hear so he kept on chucking away.  Finally, Mom went over, tapped on his shoulder, and shook her head.  She then walked upstairs in which he just sat in his room ashamed while we were eating. None of them were very good You can have a best? I thought that only happened in porn. What tv show/movie can instantly put you to sleep?  Really anything as long as I'm lying on my belly X-Men Origins put me to sleep when I saw it in theaters. The following Spring, I got a night job and needed a way to train myself to sleep. Enter X-Men Origins. It's almost as good as Benadryl. I like the criminal minds type series for falling asleep. How it's made I love putting the outdoors channel on when going to bed. Nothing like fly fishing to put you to sleep. Bob Ross, hands down Game of Thrones. Yes I know it's a great show, but something about the way they talk puts me to sleep every single time. I have to watch the episodes while on the treadmill to stay awake What are the 'rules' for greeting people (friends, acquaintances, co-workers) where you live?  a hug and a kiss on the cheeks friends- varies from a sup nod to an insult to a hug. 
aquantainces- smile and hello if anything
coworkers - depends on how close you are. usually smile and hello. maybe a wave. Kiss on cheek for friends and family. A wave "hello" for co-workers or an occasional hug for someone I haven't seen in a while (sick leave, maternity leave, etc). Say, "Hello."  Wave. 

(We don't touch. We're not European. That whole, "Kissing people you know," seems fancy.) 

I'm in Texas. We pass around peace pipe. Shake hands Don't be a wanker What's an otherwise good movie that suffered from misleading trailers?  What obscure Comic book/Story would you like to see in Cinemas or TV?  Moon Knight, cause he's crazy A few things:


* Danger Mouse - It was a cartoon series back in the 1970s/1980s from England that aired on Nickelodeon back in the 1980s.  It was basically James Bond in mouse form.  I'd be up to seeing a CGI version of it, similar to how they did Mr. Peabody and Sherman.


* Pinwheel - This was the flagship series for The Pinwheel Network, which became Nickelodeon.  It was similar to Sesame Street, but without teaching about numbers or letters or shapes or colors.  It featured a few human characters living in a Victorian-style boarding house with a few puppets, including a mole who lived under the house, a green, elderly man named Ebenezer who lived in the basement, the Landlady of the house who was a fortune teller, her two sons (or nephews) who lived up in the attic, and an old snail and a couple of bugs who lived outside of the house.  There was a basic theme for the episodes, such as food, plants, colors, or anything else.  It was meant more for ages 6-9, and the parts that took place in the house were segued by short cartoons or videos produced from around the world, mostly from Canada and a few European countries.  Some episodes might have featured a Paddington Bear short, Simon in the Land of Chalk Drawings, Bunny in a Suitcase, Chapi Chapo, and a few other little odds and ends.  A show like that could really help some independent animators get their ideas out there.


* Moonflower - a Japanese folktale about a farm couple given one of the Moon's own children to raise.  I would love to see this done by Studio Ghibli. Evil ernie Afterlife With Archie Battlefield 1.....i just want to see a good ww 1 movie Elf quest Homestuck, but it would have to be as weird and meta with the TV/Movie format as it was with the hypercomic format. The Amory Wars. 

Written by the lead singer of Coheed and Cambria, Claudio Sanchez. There has supposably been a movie discussion for years now but who knows. It's a great series with dynamic characters, an intricate universe, and lots of cool science fiction so I think it would have quite a bit of appeal to many people if it was done properly. Dave Sim's epic comic series Cerebus would be great as an animated series. Think Game of Thrones with an aardvark as the lead character.

John Byrne's series for Dark Horse, Next Men, would be interesting as well I think--it'd have to be on HBO, Showtime or Starz but it subverts a lot of the tropes that have been well-worn on the CW DC series. Plus, Byrne has never really finished the story so the series as it stands is pretty open-ended.

My other nominee would be The Shadow. He was more of a radio character than a comics character per se, but he anticipated a lot of what was later developed with Batman. I think enough time has passed since the awful Alec Baldwin movie adaptation to give it the second chance it deserves, either as a movie or--even better--a series a la Daredevil. What movie would you give a 10/10?  The Departed Casablanca

The Bicycle Thief The Comments


Empire Strikes Back Saving Private Ryan The Lego Movie. God Bless America. The signal from 2014. Soundtrack is great. Psychological thriller, and fantastic ending Run Lola Run Django Debbie Does Dallas 2000 What small things do you do before bed to make waking up easier?  Summon the will to live. Prepare the coffee pot so all I have to do is push the "on" button. Get into bed Go for a walk. Jerk it at night so I hopefully don't wake up with morning wood. Prep clothes or items needed in the morning.  Somehow it's easier to relax knowing you can wake up prepared and ready to go. I always set three alarms five minutes apart just in case I drift off after silencing the first alarm Make sure things that should be on the truck are on the truck before leaving and forgetting them Poop. Strip down to my boxers Check sleepyti.me to know what time to set my alarm Where is the strangest place you have ever found something you were looking for?  My mom lost her ID and we found it in the bottom drawer of the refrigerator. The last Fucking place I look....it's always in the last god damn place I look right next door. My hand. And I looked and asked around for way too long. My cat was in the fridge. My husband lost his wedding ring, and we found it in our deep freezer in the cellar. He recently lost a lot of weight, was digging for a frozen pizza and didn't realize it fell off.  

I found it hours later, literally looking everywhere in a last ditch effort.  It was sitting in a box of frozen bacon. Under the Pyramid of Giza My son couldn't find his iPad for a few weeks. It was in my husbands case of beer in the fridge. I found the missing block of cheddar in the VCR. My kids really don't like chili. What is your best airport story?  I saw Guy Fieri at philadelphia international once Fainted getting off a plane in Chicago.  Woke up in the arms of the surgeon general of the United States and then threw up all over his pristine military uniform.  He was the kindest though and I'll always remember that.... Pressed the button on the escalator. Made it stop. People tripped. I got scolded. when we were flying in we were descending and i could see the city as we came into it and then we pulled up harder than any plane i've been in ever has (counting people trying to show off their cessna skills to me). we ascended way high and circled for most of an hour before going back down and landing.

i got off the plane, walked the plank into the airport, and everything was weird. people were just standing there dazed. then someone told us that the plane that was ahead of us to land on that runway had crashed, killing most people aboard. no one in the airport, not the people standing at the gate waiting to meet people off the plane, knew which plane that was that had exploded, so all of them were thinking maybe probably their friends or loved ones were dead. My mother stepped on a ketchup packet next to a terminal. It exploded with a loud pop. Mom then proceeds to scream loudly because she thought it was gunfire. I once saw airport police take a guy when he tried to runaway. Turned out he was robbing people right out the front door I got on a plane and it took me someone else was at the airport near cairnes, australia
two little kids playing
one takes off their shoe
says to the other "smell my foot"
other does and wrinkles up nose 
parents about to lecture
then smeller says
"smells like cheese"
parents lose it and almost fall out of seats laughing I, a freshly minted 21 year old lightweight, clad in a mixture of Blizzcon and Disney merch while carrying a collectible plushie got shitfaced for the first time ever at 6am in a LAX first class lounge because I had a free pass and was too cheap to pay for airport food. before 9-11 of course. It was better than the mall for high schoolers. Shops, restaurants, a fun train ride. Plus you can just take off running down a concourse and people don't think twice, want to lay down and nap? that's cool too. Want to hit on a girl? Why not? get rejected? you'll never see her again. When I was 10 years old me and my twin got put in the Houston Airport break room and forgotten about.  

I'm from an upper class white town that, at the time, had place in the top 10 safest cities in the US multiple years in a row and lived a very sheltered religious life being raised by a good-hearted but racist grandmother. The majority of the staff was African-American who used very colorful language. They were normal people chatting casually on their off time, but skewed view of youth saw gangbangers like my grandma talked about on the news. I literally thought they were going to kill me. I didn't know better. I thought they were planning to sell us or something. The fact that I was left there without supervision for two hours didn't help. Why no did anything blows my mind. We were too meek and quiet mannered to say anything. In reality, the Houston Airport is just a terrible unorganized place that apparently forgets children. Finally someone came in and asked, "who's fucking children are these?", and luckily they had tagged us like luggage with wristbands and got us to our flight. Microdosed LSD and wandered around reading heart of darkness. Calmest flight ever. Well, let's see. First the earth cooled. And then the dinosaurs came, but they got too big and fat, so they all died and they turned into oil. Then the Arabs came.. I had just checked in my luggage and was standing in front of one of the empty counters about to call my mum, when I see this guy in a BOMB DISPOSAL SUIT walking towards me. He's about 10 feet away from me when he kneels down, and then I notice the 2 suitcases near him (AND ME!). Then I notice a bunch of army guys standing way far from where we are, looking at us. The guy did his thing and opened the bags to find just clothing, and then the army guys come rushing in to un-suit him and retrieve the bags... I asked one of the guys if it was a drill.... NO IT WASN'T. What social media post has made you realize how low the standards of some people have become?  You might like /r/trashy I have yet to see a social media post that has elevated my view of people.  As a result, I rarely look at social media. People bashing a third-party candidate for the election when they're worried he'll take votes away from their candidate because their candidate "isn't as bad as the other". "Everyone's playing checkers, but I've been playing chess for years" These posts people share about "dream homes", with pictures of a double wide trailer. Any time I see those memes with captions like "Facebook took this down!" It's usually military photos of a funeral or of a veteran who has been wounded. I want to tell these people, "Obviously it wasn't taken down by Facebook; *you* found it on Facebook, and now it's on *your* timeline!" 

See also: my mom. What would your unimpressive superpower be?  Summoning the will to live at any given moment The ability to not have a superpower. the ability to diagnose whether a vaginal infection is bacterial or yeast, simply using my sense of taste. I'm invisible, if nobody's looking and no cameras are pointing towards me. The ability to stay at 1 karma. The power to shoot water out of my fingers, but at the same velocity of it running down my fingers in the shower. I'd use it to water plants or some shit. The ability to eat endless amounts of complimentary bread rolls. To talk to animals but only after we've had sex Everybody has superpowers. We all have the power to cause extreme awkwardness. Day vision To produce mounds of ear wax at will The ability to travel through time at one second per second. Invisibility...because no one will notice I can empty an entire room, with my mere presence. The parties Ive shut down, dont even get me started. I glow in the dark. What are some lesser-known things that young adults should be doing to set themselves up for future success?  Instead of spending money on tattoos, save your money. Get summer jobs in your teens, and put the money into a Roth IRA with Vanguard in their S&P500 ETF.   Here's why:

A Roth IRA will grow tax free until retirement.  However, you can only place earned income in it (you have to work).  The S&P500 has returned around 7% on average annually (corrected for inflation) since inception.  The younger you are putting this money in, the more it will grow compounded!

Example, you put $5,000 in at 16 and wait until you are 66 to withdraw.  Congrats, you now have over $147,000 and have saved more for retirement than most Americans thanks to one summer job).  Wait until 21, and you'll only have $105,000.  Five years sooner increases your retirement savings by 40%.  Imagine if you did the same at 15, 16, and 17. You'd have over $442,500 by the age of 66.

Now, I can't guarantee future investment returns, but it seems well worth the effort.  Rich families make their kids get summer jobs specifically to allow for Roth IRA savings. Seriously.. SAVE MONEY!!! Begin your ninja training as soon as possible. It really sucks being a 45 year old ninja apprentice. Strengthen your abs to prevent later back pain. 

Get in the habit of smiling. Laugh lines are far better than scowl lines.

Stay active. It's much harder to get back into shape if you let yourself go.

Take time to maintain friendships. Give back to your community and make a habit of being proactive. Develop a good job history. If you have 4 jobs in a year you look fucking stupid. Learn how to "sell yourself" to future employers. Take an inventory of your attributes, abilities, experience..etc. so that you can make possible employers feel like they not only want you as an employee, but need you. Then give your all no matter what the job. Every job you have will lead you to the next one. 
     Also, learn how to change a tire, fix household stuff if you have a handy relative to learn from (or YouTube). Learn how to read a lease/mortgage. Learn how to buy a car. Learn how to budget. Learn how to cook. Read stop eating sugar and gluten, start listening to really weird shit and colour your hair Don't fall for the credit card trap. What dumbs you down/reduces your intelligence ?  Facebook. Other people's ignorance to an obvious truth Booze. Fixation on smart phones. Snapchat.  Deleted mine and my brain subsequently expanded. Concussions from youth football. Anything about the Kardashians to be honest. I saw 30 seconds of one of their TV Shows. I don't get it. Never will. Felt brain dead afterwards. Whenever you're not teaching your brain new things. Not much, really. U. S. media and breathing the same air as our politicians. A wrecking ball Heavy pot use

Potheads hate to hear that but you are making yourself stupid and lazy Learning bc the more things you learn, the more questions you have about you're knowledge Trump supporters trying to argue with me Not knowing the difference between dumb and unintelligent Southern accent Weed Jewish festivals. What is your favorite song that is longer than 10 minutes?  Weird Al's *Albuquerque* Pink Floyd's Echoes "Thick As A Brick" by Jethro Tull [Iron Butterfly - In A Gadda Da Vidda](https://youtu.be/UIVe-rZBcm4) Dazed and Confused Live. Its around 45 minutes-ish Alice's Restaurant - Arlo Guthrie Dream Theater - A Change Of Seasons Just about anything by Opeth. Shine on you crazy diamond Freebird by Lynyrd Skynyrd.

I think the 'normal' version is 7 minutes but there is a well-known live performance around 15 minutes. Maggot Brain.  The original, not the 9 minute alternative mix. The End 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSUIQgEVDM4 Shine on you crazy diamond "Have One on Me" by Joanna Newsom Asa - I Made This For You is only 9 minutes, but the hell with your rules, man "Pushit" by Tool. Recently, I've been really enjoying [Punch Brothers- Familiarity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmSoJONyhgg). That's a great live recording of it. Really I've been enjoying pretty much everything they've ever done, but this is their only song over 10 minutes IIRC.

Edit: [The part at 3:20](https://youtu.be/bmSoJONyhgg?t=3m20s) is sick as hell. November Rain "Impossible Soul" by Sufjan Stevens Brownsville Girl - Bob Dylan - 11:05 CCR - I Herd It Through the Grapevine Cygnus X-1 I and II or 2112 Dopesmoker by Sleep Head On/Pill "Dogs" by Pink Floyd.

I used to think that Dark Side of the Moon and The Wall were the greatest Pink Floyd albums, but as I've gotten older, Animals has really seemed more and more poignant. Heyyeyaaeyaaaeyaeyaa - 10 hour version Is Truckers Atlas longer than 10 min? Not sure how long Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody is but it's pretty good. One Sunday Morning - Wilco Fapper's Delight by the SugarHill Gang [NOFX's The Decline] (https://youtu.be/qnFVMkTWaBw) [Birdy - Shelter [Essy Edit]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U2HicTNBVk)

Although [AZEDIA - Requiem For The New World](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCwjV39s3WU) is a fucking epic song. Dancing Mad from final fantasy VI :D [Sons of Winter and Stars](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMbFu457jGs) by Wintersun. There Only Was One Choice- Harry Chapin Snow Patrol's "The Lightning Strike" is the only great song I can even think of with that sort of length. Save Me by Avenged Sevenfold I'm a little shocked by the modernity of the selection.  Here are two pieces everyone should know:

[Fantasia on a Theme by Thomas Tallis - Ralph Vaughan Williams](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIhZbvlCjY0).  It might be the greatest piece of music in the 20th century.

[Spem in Alium - Thomas Tallis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Cn7ZW8ts3Y).  40 singers, each singing a distinct piece in one of the greatest compositions of all time. Written over 500 years ago, it is amazing to hear even today. Achilles Last Stand by Led Zeppelin Knights of Shame - Awolnation. Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst Close to the Edge It's hard to choose, but at the moment, I'd say Porcupine Tree's Anesthetize.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=MSEQZ8reJA4 Currently I'm loving Familiarity by The Punch Brothers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmSoJONyhgg

Saw them live about a month ago and they were awesome. Terrapin station medley- grateful dead Change of seasons - dream theatre Lilly Singh's *Voices*. [And Then There Was Silence by Blind Guardian](https://youtu.be/8CIfudW67zs)

[The Ninth Wave by Blind Guardian](https://youtu.be/Px8WHr73wZw?list=PLZX08acBnbB82kFfOZHsOiVOzAcv6V7lJ) gets pretty close at 9:29, as does [Grand Parade by Blind Guardian](https://youtu.be/KizCIyg46-E?list=PLZX08acBnbB82kFfOZHsOiVOzAcv6V7lJ) at the same length. The Alchemy Live version of 'Sultans of Swing' by Dire Straits [Sheep by Pink Floyd](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GE-sfEbJ7I&list=PLYjaa9h0s4AY8xIiAyfDFxKmEHd6a9Uvc)

AND

[Karn Evil 9 by Emerson Lake and Palmer](https://youtu.be/fLS0Med0s6E) 2112 by Rush Jesus of suburbia, oddly enough i really don't like green day but that song is incredible [MOTA - Wake Me When It's Over](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXCeznqTezs) What are some of your weird habits that you keep to yourself?  I scratch my butt and then smell my finger.  I can't stop!! piss and brush my teeth in the shower I clench my buttcheeks together to cause my lower back to pop. Feels so damn good. When I am in a dark room, I flip the bird and run out of the room to where light is. Just makes me feel safe. I like to scratch inside my ears with mechanical pencil lead.

Feels good. If I'm searching for a parking spot, I'll make race car sounds as I turn the corners. Eating raw chickpeas, that shit's delicious. But weird AF. If i told you, it wouldn't be something I keep for myself anymore. Put finger in ear. Sniff finger. Don't talk to real people. Only imaginary friends. I crack my toe knuckles as much as possible. And the joint in the center of my foot i pick my nose and eat it. What would be your first priority as a newly wed caveman's wife?  Making sure I got that rock on my finger Making a helmet Hide the club Sucking some caveman dick Cut my hair. If you needed one more thing what would that thing be?  A pill that will make me happy A significant other or friend or some sort of companion just someone please One more hour of sleep. Another one!...*echoes "another one!"...* a girlfriend would be nice mind reading Just this ashtray... And this paddle game. - The ashtray and the paddle game and that's all I need... And this remote control. - The ashtray, the paddle game, and the remote control, and that's all I need... And these matches. - The ashtray, and these matches, and the remote control, and the paddle ball... And this lamp. - The ashtray, this paddle game, and the remote control, and the lamp, and that's all *I* need. And that's *all* I need too. I don't need one other thing, not one... I need this. - The paddle game and the chair, and the remote control, and the matches for sure. Well what are you looking at? What do you think I'm some kind of a jerk or something! - And this. That's all I need. A cheque for 5 mil [Serious] Why do you get out of bed every morning?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* One day I'll be dead. The idea of that is sad. Gotta get the most out of life. Honestly, as far as base motivation it's to pay the bills. 

Hypothetically, if I got to live for free and all my bills are paid for -- I'd love to just *learn*. I'd get out of bed just to read new things every day. So I don't piss in it. Because i like having a bed, which is in my house, which i pay for with money, which i earn at my job, which requires leaving bed Crossfit 5am I don't want bed sores That I paid 4k for school this semester and I really should go to class. Because I want to. Becomes my own survival instincts haven't been overtaken by my hatred for living yet. I have to, so I can meaninglessly go to school without any thought and get a degree and mindless get a job and contribute to society without any friends and/or family or happiness as I work for a government i never voted for During the week, to go to work. On the weekend, to go for brunch. Coffee. It's also the reason I go to bed. To earn an income to provide for my family weed. To take my dog for a run. To go to college to get a degree so I can be a biostatistitian. So I don't get fired.  My lifestyle isn't cheap. Habit. The small people who inhabit my house demand to be fed breakfast. If these demands are not met in a timely manner, they punish me by bouncing on my head and pestering me until I surrender and feed then The house payment does not make itself. To do better than I did yesterday Gotta go to school There is so much to life! I love to learn about as much as I can during the day! You can't experience happiness or true joy or passion staying in bed, at least I can't! To get closer to achieving my life goals one day at a time The military will charge me if I don't. I have school. I don't really know. I guess I'm waiting to get out of school. Breakfast ain't gonna make itself. To those who put toilet paper rolls with the torn end facing the wall, why do you do this?  Because I literally just stick the roll on whichever way it happens to be. People studying their toilet paper need more hobbies. Keeps the cat from grabbing the end.  


Well, sometimes. Anarchy Now! I don't pay attention. I usually replace the roll when its almost gone and put the rest on top of the new one so I don't even know which way it's on until the next day. From the answers here it seems that they are lazy and think they're badasses for doing it wrong. Except for (ironically enough) u/Alliwanttodoisargue Because I have better things to worry about than the weird people who freak out about this in my bathroom. They should be happy it even got to the holder in the first place as usually I don't hang it there at all. What kind of coffee do you use? Do you use creamer- what flavor...liquid or powder? Do you use sugar? How much?  Black as the night my friend I make a cup of coffee every morning.  I get locally roasted beans from my neighborhood and grind them before use.  I pull two shots of espresso from my hand pump lever* operated espresso maker.  I pour these shots into a mug with 1 tablespoon of turbinado sugar.  I steam whole milk and pour it into the mug, not exceeding a 2:1 ratio of milk to espresso. Gorilla brand dark roast. 

Black as my soul. 1 sugar Two scoops of instant. Add a little cool water so it's not piping hot and I'm good to go. Most any dark or medium roast out of a regular old coffee pot. Only water and coffee. "Whole foods Pacific Rim  French roast" coffee beans. Finely ground the beans every morning. I make it really strong then use a lot of plain half and half and 2 spoonfuls of sugar. Kirkland Signature.  Half and Half. Splenda I usually just put in a Splenda packet. Its a lot more sweet than sugar and only requires a little bit for a noticeable taste difference. That and a little cream and that's all I need. My boyfriends mother gets almond joy creamer.  I've yet to find anything better in coffee! Strong coffee (Nespresso pod) with hot, frothy milk and 2 teaspoons of regular sugar Dark roast.  Splash of low fat milk.  One Splenda.  

Oh, and this is obligatory:

"I don't need you to tell me how fucking good my coffee is, okay? I'm the one who buys it. I know how good it is. When Bonnie goes shopping she buys SHIT. I buy the gourmet expensive stuff because when I drink it I want to taste it. But you know what's on my mind right now? It AIN'T the coffee in my kitchen....." Starbucks blonde with heavy cream 35% Whatever is cheap from Costco, ground, and run through the French press.  I drink the entire contents in a single sitting with a splash of milk. Death Wish coffee, splash of half &  half, spoonful of demerara sugar. Usually about a pint, pint and a half whatever my small French press makes. I prefer dark roasts. I usually drink it black but on occasion I put a scoop of sweetened condensed milk in it. I like a little coffee in my sugar and cream. Lotsa cream. Lotsa sugar.

Just like The Wolf. [Serious] To make politicians take the presidency seriously, it comes tacked with a serious personal price if elected. What's the price you pay to become the president?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* On camera 24/7. No vacation days. No fucking golf. No luxury vacations either. POTUS needs to be seen fucking actually working...whatever the fuck he/she does. Even sleep in modest quarters. Then...then at the end of there term if they earned the peoples respect a big fucking pay check and "earned" life Presidential benefits. Great deals of stress. A loss of personal freedom. Every day above ground is a good day, it cant rain all the time. I have sacrificed everything.. What have you given? I would settle for no personal financial benefit from their policies Privacy. 100% transparency. 
Everything is out in the public domain What is the most romantic thing you've ever heard?  "Yes dear, of course I can do the dishes tonight." DTF I offhandedly remarked I'd like a cup of tea. Husband got up and made me a cup of tea. I've never been one for grand gestures. "I got dinner on my way home" "My mom said she think I'm too good for you, I thought the complete opposite"

It's also the saddest and most heart wrenching thing I ever heard.

Also "I could marry you right now" What are some unexplored markets waiting to be tapped?  Your mom's ass North Korea needs stuff What's the craziest black out drunk experience you've ever been told you've done?  I pooped a room Woke up one morning after way too much vodka to be told I'd pissed in a wardrobe. All over the birthday girl's shoes. Don't remember a thing Tried to break into a van stopped at a red light downtown (luckly a small town at the time) at like 430pm. First time drinking. Guess I begged the person to drive me home. Came to in the police station just in time to puke all over the floor after they refused to throw me into the drunk tank and have my dad show up (who was also a cop). At the time, I didn't realise my drink had been spiked at an after-work clubbing night. I barely remember a thing, but I was later informed that a bloke I used to work with at the time tried to take me home, so I was babysat for hours by a friend to make sure I got home safely, and pissed myself in a graveyard en route. Also I vomited everywhere constantly and passed out every half an hour to an hour or so. Atheist converts, why did you become Christian?  It always felt insincere when I told people to go to hell. How do you know they didn't become Buddhist, Muslim, or Rastafarian? Anti-Religion circlejerk in 3...2....1... I didn't.  What are you on about? Do you believe in magic?
In a young girls heart
How the music can free her
whenever it starts

And it's magic
if the music is groovy
It makes you feel happy like an old time movie

I'll tell ya about the magic
It'll free your soul
but it's like trying to tell a stranger 'bout rock n roll

If you believe in magic, don't bother to choose
If it's jug band music or rhythm and blues
Just go and listen
It'll start with a smile
It won't wipe off your face no matter how hard you try
Your feet start tapping
And you can't seem to find
How you got there
So just blow your mind

If you believe in magic
Come along with me
We'll dance until morning, just you and me
and maybe, if the music is right
I'll meet ya tomorrow
so late at night

We'll go a dancin' baby then you'll see
all the magic's in the music and the music's in me, yeah

Do you belive in magic? Yeah.
Believe in the magic in a young girl's soul
believe in the magic of rock n roll
Believe in the magic that can set you free
Ohhhh, talkin' bout magic

Do you believe like I believe?
Do you believe in magic? Jesus, isnt it past your bedtime? What SpongeBob quote defines your life right now?  "Fuck this shit".  I think it was in Season 5 "Mrs. Puff? May I be excused for the rest of my life?" "I'm ugly and I'm proud" "Excuse me, sir, but youre sitting on my body, which is also my face" I anything can't do right since because pickles. "Remember, licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets." Who are you callin a pinhead? "MY LEG!!!" "Is mayonaise an instrument?" Time to acquire a taste for free form jazz What is today but yesterday's tomorrow Long distance Couples: What are things/gifts you have sent to your SO for important days, such as birthdays or anniversaries?  Do you have a shirt/hoodie that she loves to steal? I've done this with flannel- put it on spray a little of your Cologne on it and wear it around the house for a while. You won't get it sweaty/gross but it will smell like you. Send it to her and start stretching for the insane amount of sex you are going to be having when she gets home because you are so sweet and caring I sent a personally engraved wallet for my boyfriend once. Look at sites like red envelope for ideas if you don't know what to get your partner. I ordered him an Irish car bomb gift basket from www.brobasket.com that he absolutely loved! So long story short, my girlfriend is overseas studying abroad and her birthday and our 2 year anniversary are coming up. I realize everyone likes different kinds of gifts, but I am at a loss of thinking of something small that I could send.

 TL;DR I am unimaginative and I need some help plz If you could sustainably live on any planet in our solar system, which would it be?  Earth probably. My dog lives there. Earth Jupiter - it shows up in my horoscope.  Jupiter rising in the house of the such and such.  I don't know what it means, but it sounds good fortune-ish. Earth. Saturn Gotta go with Earth. Pluto.
Oh wait... What are some choices for a senior quote?  "Railin' Ruts and Nailin' Sluts" Long ago in a distant land, I, Aku, the shape-shifting Master of Darkness, unleashed an unspeakable evil! But a foolish Samurai warrior wielding a magic sword stepped forth to oppose me. Before the final blow was struck, I tore open a portal in time and flung him into the future, where my evil is law! Now the fool seeks to return to the past, and undo the future that is Aku! They're due tomorrow and I'm not feeling particularly inspired tonight. "I came.  I saw.  I graduated." Just find a meme and make a joke out of it. Bam, got your quote. "I crowd sourced this quote." "Nothing I say here will matter five minutes after I graduate. " "Remember, licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets" -Spongebob Squarepants Married people, who among you both do you feel is the better partner?  I dont think either think is the better person.  We both feel lucky to have found each other. I complete her and she completes me. 

Stronger together I have a penis, so its probably her. We're each better than the other at certain things, that's why our marriage works. We're both fucking awesome. She is It fluctuates. Currently my spouse is better than me, but for a long time I was the stronger partner. A good marriage requires both parties to step up their game when the other partner falters for whatever reason. I am. I complete all the house work. I cook and clean. I upkeep the acre lot my house is on, I am the only income in the house currently. I do everything I can to make school easier for my wife. I also house her idiot suicidal brother that doesn't understand he is a manchild that can't get off his mothers tit. For people who hate going to the dentist, what is it that scares you, freaks you out, or makes you generally hate it?  How expensive it is, how things are never going well, and how I feel like they make a bigger deal out of things which triggers anxiety. I hate the injection in the gums.  

(and when the receptionist tries to upsell things when your checking out) I have a super small mouth that is impossible to keep wide open for long periods of time. "You have crippling social anxiety because you don't floss" I used to not mind going to the dentist, but one appointment changed that. I was actually at the orthodontist waiting to get my braces off when I heard the most uncomfortable noise ever. Someone was grinding their jaw and it was so LOUD. The noise was unbearable for me to listen to. It sounded so *unnatural.*

Ever since that, I really hate the sound when the dentist scrapes your teeth. Pain, discomfort, anxiety, humiliation, exaggeration of prognosis,  being judged and scolded, expense.  

That and the fact that when I was young the shitty dentist my mom took me to was a lying crook, who "found" nonexistent cavities and ruined my teeth with his fucking drill. I had braces for like 8 or so years. My teeth look great now, but I have spent way too much time in that chair. I sit in the chair, try not to breathe on their mirror, try not to tense up my hands, but in general, it's an uncomfortable experience where I am chastised for not flossing enough and I'm mentally uncomfortable the entire visit. I worry about getting a cavity and having to get it filled up. Knowing dentists are Sado/masochists only in it for the money and pain. Its just a bother sometimes, diving 30 minutes to visit people who charge you money (which at the time you think you dont wanna spend) and they poke and prod at your teeth.  I then got a filling, but it wasn't done properly so the tooth is damaged now (all the trauma of the filling just hurts) and everytime I bring it up they say they could remove the tooth, which costs more money and then more poking and proding, that was caused by a mistake by the dental hygienist. 
Dont misunderstand me when I say I don't like going, I know I need to and yes i get it, if i would have brushed better the tooth wouldnt have had a cavity, its just the fact that its like a never ending cycle with this one freaking tooth that makes me dread seeign the dentist I have an extremely high tolerance for any type numbing agent or anesthesia. I tell them....I am going to need more than you think I need because I will start feeling shit midway through the procedure. They never listen (until the last time after they saw what happens) and I start feeling the root canal and I'm screaming with that weird plastic thing in my mouth. 

Kind of like that time during my c section where I started feeling all the pain as they were making the incision. Ahhhh...fun times and fond memories. Who really wants a stranger sticking "sterilized" metal objects into your mouth when he can just floss and brush your teeth. What's something unusual that your parents do but you don't know why they do it?  Have sex Support Trump. My grandparents have a nasty-ass, smelly bucket on their kitchen counter. In this disgusting bucket they put the things that would normally go into a compost pile (coffee grinds, leftover bits of food, corn cobs etc..). 
However, they do not have a compost pile. When the bucket is filled, my grandfather takes it into the woods and dumps it. 

WHY For me, my mom goes to the bathroom... with the door open. She also a Christian who calls the pope an "socialist" for basically saying what everybody else was thinking, and supports trump. Well, my dad does everything. Meth, Cocaine, Alcohol, Pills, Weed. Once he was out of booze and got white bread and poured rubbing alcohol on it to make it 'okay to drink'. So, there's all that. Piss in the sink. Still drink. They're both in their 60's Will drive all over town to find gas that is cheaper by 5 a gallon Do you remember when you lost your imagination?  I guard my imagination with my life. It's the most valuable thing I own. This question is wayyyy too hardcore for askreddit. Hasn't happened yet. When it happens I will let you know. Brain Games (the show) had something about imagination. And the difference between kids and adults. 
Give me a few and I can try and find it. I will say this, during the test on the tv, I was like a kid. (Am 36)

(Edit:updated info) Alright, I can't find the specific episode. Maybe someone else can locate it. I remember i used to be a huge superhero imagination guy; every week new power, go buy 25 cent rings out of the little spinny ball toy machines. 
one day i bought a new one, put it on, and I couldnt for the life of me think of a super power that this new ring gave me. I ended up with somethign like making portals or loops of fire, but I never was able to think of how I would incorporate it in my super her persona... I remembering thinking how I was losing it. 

Its still kinda there, but my childish side has gone away. What is a trend you just can't get on board with?  Snapchat Pumpkin spice lattes. I had it once. Meh. mom jeans Douche bag caps. Skinny jeans. Zombies. Zombie fucking everything. Scarves. I really hate them and think they are ugly. Makeup Glam: did it once for my boyfriend and came home looking like a different person. He was pissed/i didnt like Not looking like myself 'Fam', 'Woke', 'Lit' Wearing like, bralets and sheer tops in public. I'm just not preparer to be that naked Superhero films.

Yawn. Online dating. There's just so much risk with it. It's just as easy to go to a place where there's a high chance of meeting like minded people instead of online dating. You're an intellectual, go to a book store. Athlete, go to a gym or sport event. Obviously read the crowd and don't be a creep, but it is possible to meet people in real life. I'm having a hard time with preparations for sending people to Mars for a whole number of reasons.  When people emigrate to another country, the intention is to reach a place that is better, not worse.  The same logic applies to other planets as well.  

We ARE Earth.  We are not independent of Earth.

I chose the username of "brainstorming is good" because I believe that.  Although, it doesn't mean I will agree with something if I don't.  If people want to go to Mars, so be it.  But, to me it's a distraction from the real need for everybody to take better care of this planet, to get along better, and to ensure that everybody has their basic needs met.

I've been to Utah with it's beautiful red rocks.  I've been to the South Dakota Badlands with it's multi-colored dunes.  There are so many places on Earth that could be a surrogate for the Martian landscape.

My suggestion for anybody who wants to go Mars is to spend a month in {pick a desert}. Ladies of reddit, how do you envision your dream guy?  There's no such thing IMO. Usually with a vagina but I'm not too picky I'm on the edge of my seat.

https://i.warosu.org/data/ck/img/0056/35/1406509067261.jpg What's your definition of a real man?  A real man is a man who has his life in order, who isn't afraid to stand up in what he believes in and who values and fulfills his obligations and promises. Someone who identifies as a man A man who currently exists. Making sure you take care of the responsibilities you have. An adult, who happens to be male, that has his life, priorities and finances firmly under control. Selfless, keeps going, works hard, plays hard, isn't afraid to ask for help and communicate. Someone who is willing to get shit done and will actually put effort in A real man is someone willing to step to the plate in any situation. Prepared or not, a real man faces challenges head on, even if he is scared. A real man is strong enough to roll his sleeves up and get to work, but also soft enough to cuddle with his SO on the couch watching whatever she wants to watch and holding her after a long day. A real man is able to handle himself in any and all situations. A man who doesn't prioritize himself over those close to him Changes his own oil while watching porn... 40% Atticus Finch  
25% Chuck Yeager  
20% Humphrey Bogart  
10% John Wayne  
5% Bill Murray Showing respect to others and taking responsibility Is it being prepared to do the right thing, whatever the cost?  Isn't that what makes a man? Roadhouse "Is it being prepared to do the right thing? Whatever the cost? Isnt that that makes a man?"

"Ummm..sure. That and a pair of testicles." My father A man who has no imaginary component, not even j or k A man is someone who can start a fire using only the materials found in nature. Has penis. Courage What evolutionary changes in the human body would you like to see millions of years from now?  Ability to breathe CO2 because, ya know, global warming. I was about to say wings but thinking of people with actual wings weirded me out a bit. 0.e A better way to deliver babies. Ouch. Anyone of them. Although I think living millions of years might get dull at times.. Wisdom teeth never grow in/form. It's starting to become a little more common now. I'm nearly 20 and my wisdom teeth haven't even formed yet. I'm hoping I won't be a late bloomer. weed I remember reading this on Reddit before so take it with a grain of salt but apparently the insides of our skulls are actually very jagged & have sharp protrusions. That really seems like a bad time for anyone who slightly gets their head shaken. Breathing underwater Either wings or fins so we could explore more... or both There will be no humans No appendix or wisdom teeth. Fucking shore up that ACL & MCL. Like, come on already. Why is the functioning of our legs completely dependent on something that apparently has the strength of tissue paper. It's silly, nature. It's silly. In your opinion, what's one thing that anyone who considers themselves "an intellectual" or "well educated" should know or be aware of?  How little they know. They should know why they think what they think. You really, *really* should start flossing. How to not be a elitist douchebag. Not everyone can live up to your standards. Epistemology How to not be a dick. Current politics, and the global tensions for the past hundred years. Once you know who invaded who, politcs makes a lot more sense. Bedbugs mate through a process known as traumatic insemination, in which the male punctures the female's body cavity. that democracy is a bad thing If you are in the 90th percentile of intelligence, then there only need to be 10 people in the room before you are no longer the smartest.

On average. Education is such a broad thing, nobody can know everything. At a certain point you *have* to specialize, but not knowing something about a different field doesn't invalidate your education. Basic logic. Please, for the love of all that is good, give a damn about whether what you're saying is actually correct instead of just wanting to believe you're right. If you can't make a mental diagram of your argument that doesn't rely on logical fallacies, it's not an argument. You've mispronounced every third word. If you consider yourself one of those things.. You're not.  

The smartest people I've ever met have only thought about how much they have to learn. The GDP per capita in "developed" countries vs in "undeveloped" countries. If the USA took all of its wealth and distributed it amongst its citizens, they'd each get US$53,041.98. If Uganda took all of its wealth and distributed it amongst its citizens, they'd end up with US$571.96. Admitting when they are wrong. The more you know, the less you know. 

We're always students, so if you consider yourself well educated then that should come with the base assumption that it
Is a constant battle rather than a landmark of accomplishment. putting words "in quotes" does not make you appear smarter When dictators come to power they like to wipe them out. The reasoning to both sides of an issue without getting overly emotional about it. We're all stupid just accept it Beware any organization that rewards members with empty titles or trinkets. These are the wool of the sheep. Success is subjective How to keep an open mind and ears to what others have to say. Always wipe back to front. The probability of a given b is equal to the probability of b given a times the probability of a divided by the probability of b. Everyone is commenting on someone who considers themselves an elitist, not an intellectual. Connotative vs denotative. Subjectivity and objectivity. What it means to do real research.  Because when you know and do these, you realize that things are not black and white. Colonialism. That if they truly were, then they would know not to flaunt it or point it out. Those who claim they are often really aren't, and just proves how naive they are. What do you worry about?  Haha you say this as if I have things I don't worry about Literally EVERYTHING. >.>' My talent is finding ways to panic about any given thing at any given time. Farting and not shitting my pants Everything My future The possibility of civilization degenerating into a horrifying orwellian dystopia. Way too much. I hope my grandparents are still alive. I hope my friends are safe and happy. I hope my cat isn't locked outside because I forgot about letting her out. I'd better go check the whole house for her. Doing something reckless resulting in accidental death.... would hate for my family to ever experience that. You wake up in the same situation as Rick Grimes in the beginning of The Walking Dead. What do you do?  Wonder how I didn't starve to death alone in a hospital for what seems to be a month. Head to Canada where I can easily survive in wilderness because the cold up their will freeze the zombies because the dead bodys do not produce heat. I will just wait up there for Russia to stabelize, find cure for disease, and it eventually take over the now destroyed world Cry, for sure. Oh, and wonder how I ended up in a hospital after going asleep in my bed. Kill myself Probably just hang with Morgan Find a gun and shoot myself Contact the American Wizarding World as, based upon the fact that I've lived months without food or water, I am blessed with the power of resurgence. Or I could go to the Xavier School since I obviously have some Wolverine level healing powers. You have to lose one of your five senses, which one do you choose?  taste

While overall it would be a bad thing, Id at least be able to eat much healthier sense of feeling my inner pain Gotta go with smell. Taste.  Easier to lose weight then. ESP Sense of Tempeture Probably smell, I think I don't really care if I smell good things anymore. However smell may fuck up my taste a bit. Taste. I've thought this over, and I'd still be able to smell things, so it ain't bad. I would lose my sense of feeling, but that's not as catchy as having ants in my eyes What are my options? [Serious] People who took the risk of dropping everything to follow your dream, did it work out and how did your family feel about it?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I dreamt of being a mother and now am a mother. It's going alright. Family was kind of pissed. What's your dream OP? I'm incredibly happy. My family doesn't speak to me. My dream was murdering my family. I don't really think I need to answer the latter part of the question. Dungeon Masters of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing to happen during a campaign?  The demogorgon...it got me. A girl showed up and played I made the questionable decision to bring out the DM Wrath chart as a substitute for wild magic for when players annoy me. Mid-fight with a dragon, one guy cast a spell that resulted in turning himself into a hamster, but retained his consciousness. His IRL brother made so much fun of him for his awful stats and uselessness. A while later, another spell swapped their souls. I know who got the last laugh. What is your best "did that really just happen?" story?  Me and my friends were drinking in Miami Beach, when we went back to the school's house where we were living, the driver who was the one who rented the car (Mustang) was kinda wasted  he was driving like crazy, we got lost next to the airport avoiding traffic and possible law... Suddenly we recognize the Tall Control tower of Miami International, and they start to pointing us with a huge light reflector, we could heard some sirens from far away. We got out of there fast af. Why are all of the recurring Reddit jokes only a few years old? Was it less funny 10 years ago, or have we collectively forgotten the old ones?  I think it may have to do with the Tumblr users who "grew up" moved on to reddit and they carried over that Tumblr sense of humor. "What is air" Stuff definitely does fade, and the culture of Reddit has shifted around a lot over the years, but I think the biggest factor is just that the Reddit from 2010-present is much, much larger than the Reddit of 2005. 

It's kind of like the Eternal September, when Usenet went public and the existing internet culture and netiquette got washed away and overwhelmed by the huge influx of new users. There are simply way more Redditors from the last six years than there ever were before, and it was far easier for them to create their own in-jokes and culture than assimilate easily into what had already been there. I think it's because the Redditor turnover is such that there aren't many people around who were around for the oldest jokes. It's not like jokes stay funny forever, especially when it's the internet's nature to repeat them constantly. internet jokes and memes have a shelf life. I think it has to do with the constant influx of information Society has collectively become stupider What song do you use as your alarm?  Faust Arp - Radiohead

The song starts off with *Wakey wakey rise and shine*

How could I not use it?? Scar Tissue - RHCP

The beginning will wake me up without fail and I couldn't think of a better way to ease into consciousness. "Nightmare" by Avenged Sevenfold I just use my local classic rock station. I used to use The Beatles' *Good Morning  Good Morning* as my alarm, but then I started getting triggered every time I heard it whilst playing the *Sgt. Pepper* album. "Move Bitch" by Green River Burial Any song that im prepared to hate Robots for everyone "Bang Bang" by Dispatch. It starts off with a guy waking up, seems appropriate. Fridays - Fat Bottom Girls Wake Up - Three Days Grace It's raining tacos Book of Days - Enya Def lep...pour some sugar on me What is the most underrated video game?  Dragon's Dogma Psychonauts. Wish they would've made a sequel. Such a cool game world. Loved both overlord games and all the fables Reckoning:Kindoms of Amalur Riddick - I forgot the whole title but I really liked that game. On Xbox 360 I believe. xenogears Pong Idr which one exactly but some alien vs predetor game where online it was 3 teams fighting. Marines, aliens, and predetors all at the same time Stubbs the Zombie Sphinx and the Cursed Mummy In the year 2016? Call of Duty. Max Payne 2. Great physics, so fun and good story Team Buddies (PS) so good and AI was actually challenging The original Rayman game. Although it was largely successful when it was released in 1996, it is never seen in recommended or great side scroller games lists, nor as a commendable PS1 platformer. 

I would still rate it in my top 5 favourite games to this date. Duke Nukem Forever What movie would you rate 10/10?  Threat Level Midnight Recently saw Swiss Army Man... 10/10 would highly recommend The Shawshank Redemption. No doubt Gladiator

Idiocracy is so close. Cool Hand Luke

12 Angry Men

The Big Lebowski

A Few Good Men Birdemic Ferris Bueller's Day Off Apocalypto The Princess Bride Zootopia Tombstone 1993 American history x Shawshank Redemption.  That movie hits me in a place I can't describe.

And Pulp Fiction.  I love the scene where Butch goes back for Marcellus.  I'm not sure why.  But to also hits me in the gut, in a nice way. what do you want discovered in your lifetime?  proof of alien life Life on another planet... not just bacteria, but fish or something in the oceans of Europa or Titan. Cure for Crohn's Science needs to figure out a way to keep dogs looking like puppies forever. Forget disease research, forget finding life in the universe. Let's focus on the important things here. A way to get 100% reversal of hearing damage. Reese's Pieces Peanut Butter Cups.

They say they exist, but I haven't seen them. A cure for cancer. A new colour. 

Because I am jealous of a shrimp who can see more colours than humans. I just want to know whether we have the ability to consider it as 'new' If there's life -- *specifically* on Europa or Titan. 

I don't think in our life time we will be able to see life on other solar systems, but i DO think it's entirely possible to both go to these moons and find life on them, at least single celled stuff.

For anyone actually interested just google Europa life in google and it will pull up a whole bunch of stuff Teleportation.  I'd travel a lot more if I didn't have to travel so much. My goddamn remote control Joseph Mengele's medical notes and documents from when he was experimenting on prisoners during the Holocaust. 
It's just something I've been interested in for a long time and I've always wondered what he sincerely thought he was doing in the name of "science ". Immortality. I want to live forever and have all the miserableness and wonder that comes with it. Faster Than Light travel. That would be the biggest event in human history & I would love to walk on a foreign planet in a foreign system before I die. Life on another planet or moon. Where we go when we die The cure for Donald Trump. I never want to see anyone else suffer like that. The fing-longer A way for a computer to intercept and send signals to your brain so Full Imersion Vr can Happen What food when you eat it brings you back to a memory?  A well-made ham sandwich Roasted chicken,rice and black beans. Hotdogs and I don't want to talk about it. This would be a good one for the fine folks over at r/cooking. Stuffing.  So many fond memories of making it with my grandma year after year. Crepes reminds me of my mother's mother. What do you buy at the dollar store?  Reading glasses Decor Cleaning products. I don't need a fancy toilet brush from the local Wal-Mart. Bath soap, "emergency" food items I forgot to put on the list to get at the grocery store. Presents for the kids! Candy, fake flowers, fingernail polish, ink pens, disposable dishes and trays, wrapping paper and gift bags. Canned fish Parchment paper I buy a lot of stuff from the dollar store. Bread, toothpaste, floss, mouthwash, soap, the frozen appetizers, condiments, seltzer water, art supplies, tv dinners, notebooks/notecards/pens/general office supplies, batteries and cleaning supplies. I also stock up on a lot of things for parties there like disposable cups, paper plates, plastic utensils, chips, salsa, soda, and candy. ...dollars? Nail polish remover, cotton balls, aluminum foil, candy, dryer sheets, air freshener
My grandma buys her reading classes from the dollar store. Toothpaste Cheap candy Toblerone, shit's so expensive everywhere else. Other than this...what was the most ridiculous askreddit thread?  That one about eating stuff over rice You're told a rabbit will kill you but not which one. What do you do differently due to this information?  Bring out the Holy Hand Grenade Shoot a significantly larger amount of rabbits Keep doing what I'm doing. It's not like I can change it or anything. "Which one"?

Okay, which highly-voted Ask did you rip off here without even *considering* the context of the resulting question? I don't eat rabbits as it sounds like it'll be a case of food poisoning or something. Watch the hell out for anyone wearing a rabbit costume I have a pet bunny..... I'd probably stop hanging out with that guy I'd probably kill myself. Honestly. I couldn't walk around knowing that there was going to be an animal that was going to kill me. I'll take my own life. Depends. Who told me? Surround myself with terriers. buy a pet rabbit, teach it to really, really, hate me and attach a bunch of knives to it. Keep it in a cage it cannot get out of, and hire someone else to take care of it. Finally, when I'm old and about to be senile i release the rabbit and allow it to kill me.

While obviously this does not prevent another rabbit from killing me, by arming a rabbit and deciding to commit suicide via rabbit at some point in my life I have reduced the probability that it is just a random freak accident and increased the probability that my death is by my own design, and therefore, when I want it.

I would probably keep up with rabies shots, though, just to be safe. Rabbit genocide. Well can never visit my grandparents You spread carrots all over the place.  The rabbit that doesn't start nibbling... he's the assassin. I guess I'd [never buy or ride in one](http://www.edmunds.com/volkswagen/rabbit/) and always wear my seatbelt otherwise. Make damn sure my next pot of rabbit stew is completely boneless. I avoid eating rabbit, avoid my sister's bunny even more, and then live my life like normal as I clutch a special bunny killing gun every day. Never leave the house without wearing a condom. Stupid rabbits they could never kill me. What's something that you know is bad, but you do anyways?  work a dead-end job Eat too much. >.>' But! I'm working on NOT doing that and I've lost about 50lbs! :D Drinking and smoking. bang my boss Answer new random posts on Reddit. Drink diet coke Drinking alcohol to socialize.

I think of it as a crutch. I *can* hop around on my own, but why? Hit up my Ex. poop. Mt. Dew

Oh wait you said bad for. Pretty sure Mt. Dew makes the world go round. Coke cookies, candy bars, some cake Stay up until 4am on AskReddit.

No regrets. Eat unhealthy. [Serious] Those who have been robbed / mugged / taken hostage. How has that changed your view on life?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Mugged, people suck, and I don't give people the benefit of the doubt in public. I also avoid neighborhoods that are primarily low income, regardless of race. I've been mugged solely by meth addicts, so that influences it too. I was on vacation in spain when my girlfriend and I took a wrong turn and ended up in a not so nice part of madrid

We started to be followed by a gang of about 7 spanish hoodlums

One guy drew a switchblade and the other kicked a soccer ball at us. I chucked my wallet on the ground and made a break I've been jumped and robbed several times in my life. I once got in a position where I was being kicked on the ground by a bunch of youths, and I had to get back up and fight them off. Lucky for me, they weren't as hard as they thought they were.

It didn't really change anything. I knew what the deal was at a young age, and I knew the dangers that existed. I do, however, pay better attention to my surroundings and don't forget to be aware of my surroundings. I was robbed. My car broken into and my backpack stolen. They took all my electronics, my homework, and my glasses. It was extremely inconvenient. I guess I'm a bit more cynical and less trusting now. Robbed, My bitch ex-wife took the kids and my biggest TV I was in vacation and my mom was staying with my grandmother while I was gone. She'd taken my dogs with her so there was nobody home for a solid week. Someone broke our door off the hinges and stole my laptop and all my little brother's savings from his room($500+). It was really hard to feel safe in my own home for a long time, I still lock both locks on my door every time I come home regardless of the time of day. I think it just makes you realize how shitty people are and also that literally anything can happen, I'm not sure why I felt invulnerable to these things before. Attempted robbery on our house.  We lived down the street from the police station, but I swore it took forever for them to get to my house.  I secured the kids, grabbed my shotgun and waited for the intruders to make their way inside.  They never did get in; a part of me wants to believe they were afraid of a mother with a loaded gun. But deep inside I think they couldn't break the door down or get into our old ass windows.  

I had issues sleeping at night because of anxiety.  We moved a few years later because once someone tries to break into your house, you just feel scared, all of the time, in your own home.

I would have shot them with no hesitation.  The cops informed me to make sure the body was in the house.  Yikes.  Thanks? What is something you need to get off your chest?  My wife's bra This shirt's gonna have to come off when I go to bed. fucking leeches. Tumors. All this damn hair Bitch tits This baby so I can go do something else Former football players of any level, what are your thoughts on letting your kids play?  I played for a while in public school.  I don't think I'd encourage it.  I remember getting these terrible fucking headaches during practice and games.  I definitely get how someone could end up with some long-term damage if they played for a while, especially at a higher level. I would not encourage it either. I still feel the effects from the few years I played in high school. I don't think there is enough safety precautions in place to outweigh the risks. My dad made me play when I was like 14.

Id probably let my kids play, all I can say is that I hated football and only played because I was half decent at it It'll happen if they want to If I had kids I would let them play. Football is an American tradition. You don't really get messed up until like college ball anyway, and by that time you're old enough to make your own decisions. High School students of Reddit, what are your favourite YouTube channels/resources for studying/learning material?  Not in high school but patrickjmt has some great math videos I just use friends of mine who aren't total retards like me. Try Kahn academy, I dunno if they're on YouTube but they do have an app Crash Course on youtube has a bunch of cool videos on almost every topic. Cow Chop is very educational, one video was explaining STDs quite well. When I was in High School, it was LostPause, you know, FOR SCIENCE! [Serious] Excluding helplines, how did someone most likely save your life?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* A college friend listened to my troubles, and that's all it took. As a toddler I once tried to jump off a cliff out of pure curiosity. A small elderly Japanese man caught me and brought me to my mom.

Thanks, guy A friend of my dads pulled me out of a pool when I was drowning as a kid. 

Thanks Mr. Hiponia! A friend of mine showed up at my house. I was about to take an overdose. I had undone the capsules of Lyrica I had and dissolved them in juice and vodka. She could see the capsules and called my Mom. The doctor gave me antibiotics for my scarlet fever, which prevented it from turning into rheumatic fever, which is deadly. Another platoon volunteered to stay an extra day on patrol. Would have been the end for me. I was left with my alcoholic uncle for an afternoon...I found a $2 coin and decided to eat it...apparently he heard me choking, I went blue in the face, he poured jack daniels down my throat, (his logic was to loosen the coin) ..picked me up by the ankles and shook me upside down until I vomited the coin out. I was 2. 

He may be dysfunctional alco but he saved my life! I was about 13 and attempting suicide, I wanted to make it look like an accident that I drowned in the bathtub after "falling asleep". I completely forgot to lock the door, and as I was lowering my head back into the water my Mum came barging in without realising I was there. I sat up faster than a speeding bullet and covered myself, but there was no harm done and we giggled about it. I never attempted it again. Redditers who are on Reddit for way too much time, what the heck are you doing with your life?  Getting karma Outside of Reddit, I'm still in highschool, so I don't really worry too much Being a university student just before term starts and all my summer reading is done. I can sleep when I'm dead, or when I have a 9am start, whichever happens first. Browsing Reddit. I thought we covered this. Nothing other than browsing reddit, duh. What life? Reddit What would be a brutally honest job title and/or description of your job?  Architorture. Sit around and do nothing until you have to do a job that a drone could do

Quick response fighter pilot I get paid to pretend upper management aren't complete idiots.

And in the fortune-cookie version of this, add "with computers" to the end of that.

I doubt I count as even remotely unique, or even *unusual*, in that regard. Job title: Slave.
Job description: Slave Labor.
Packing blueberries pays terribly. Watching little hellspawns and trying to keep the house from being destroyed and keeping them from hurting themselves when their parents are at work. Dumbass who sits in a dark, unlit room, with 40 other students trying to figure out answers to the most trivial subjects

A.k.a. college student Lazy freeloading cunt who needs to find employment. Mature people of Reddit: when did you stop resenting people for correcting you, & start being grateful for it?  Fuck that, I'm never wrong Speaking for myself; it's when I finally gave in and realized I don't know everything, I'm not the first person to feel/think a certain way, and it's possible my whole outlook on life is skewed by my perspective. When I realized that -everything- is absolutely, wonderfully perfect.  That's when I stopped worrying and started being supremely happy. When the advice I was being given became directly relevant to keeping and doing well in my new job, and that I knew other newbies turned veterans may look back and wish they had gotten guidance too Why very common thing you cannot do?  Speak English. Whistle I can't swim. Hell, I can't even float. Tell at a glance which traffic light is red and which is green.  I have a mantra, "Green on the bottom and red on the top unless the light is turned sideways which means I will not be the first one at the intersection." Play a musical instrument, sing, or keep time, or dance. Wink Be literate. Eat Cheetos or Bacon. I have an MSG intolerance.
The same condition that causes my MSG intolerance also makes it dangerous for me to drink coffee or alcohol. So, a few things. Snap my fingers. Knowing Dave Have a girlfriend. Drink Milk. Click my fingers [Serious]What do you believe the cause of WWIII will be?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Some stupid extension of political egos. Something stupid. The invasion of Israel would be my bet.

North Korea nuking South Korea would be my sleeper pick. The iPhone 8 being designed with no screen..... Probably something my country will unjustly provoke.
- t. American The escalating tensions in the refugee situation, recently Germany has said they wanted Greece to respect the Dublin Agreement effectively taking the refugees Germany invited to Europe, and sending them back to their country of entry, again mostly Greece. Greece is also bankrupt and a Nazi inspired party is surging known as Golden Dawn, it may become as bad as post WW1 Germany. The Far-right is growing strong in Europe, I understand we identify many parties as Far-right that don't really have Nazi-like values, but we do have fascist parties surging with the right-wing because of the protests against the establishment. This was all ultimately caused by churning up the Middle East, which was already fucked up from the Ottoman Empire being partitioned post WW1, along borders purely based on resources not culture, so Britian would only have to deal with one country to steal all the oil, WWIII will be a culmination of all the shit that's happened in the last century. Economics - no more fossil fuel
Politics - terrorism A great proletarian revolution Trump Men. To anyone who has worked at Fright Night or Halloween Horror, what was your craziest experience there?  I worked in costuming and was always at HHN hours after the park closed.  Driving around a cornfield full of disembodied children's voices or the twisty paths of Jurassic Park with a golf cart headlight as your only illumination....truly unsettling even though I saw it all get put together.  Mostly it was a total blast, I met lots of fun people. Men of Reddit - Boobs or ass and why?  Boobs I enjoy holding them [deleted] Earlobes boobs, because boobs are more fun to touch than an ass El culo es grande Ass. There is no place my crotch wants to reside more when I'm going to sleep at night then pressed up against a soft, warm butt. Boobs.  Gotta have 'em boobs bc i have an ass [Both](http://i.imgur.com/rsL6DEX.) Ass to look at, boobs to touch Bodacious bobanis because you can suck on them (   ) I prefer a woman with large tracts of land Ass. Boobs are nice and they're nice to touch and all, but a nice ass will get anyone's attention real quick. Books. In an experiment a friend conducted on me, she disproved my claim that I like both equally. ass. 
Bras make any pair of boobs look good, but god damn Yoga pants are just a god send Boobs. I am genuinely scared of anything ass-play related due to the countless stories I have seen on reddit. Women can have preferences too. And ass because it makes me wet. What's the best jump-scare you've seen in a non-horror movie or video game?  Dead space 2 "Mulholland Drive" (2001) - Surrealist David Lynch directed drama film, yet has one of the scariest fucking scenes ever. Just look up "Mulholland Drive" jump scare, or diner scene, for a good ol jump It was probably unintentional, but when the floodlights are turned on during Interstellar when Cooper drives up to the fence of "NASA.". When I saw the movie in theaters, that part made a few people scream. What is the best cereal on the planet?  Cinnamon toast crunch!!!! Shredded mini wheats Captain Crunch. Frosted Flakes Rusk Cookie Crisp Nesquik cereal Super Cereal. Killers Waffle crisps Reese Puffs. It's barely cereal but man is it good Count chocula Look at all these sugar addicts. Reese's Puffs and Kraves ftw French toast crunch I'm surprised no one has put Fruity Pebbles.  It's numero dos in my book behind CT Crunch, but still deserves some love. King Vitamin My top 3 

1. Pops!

2. Sugar Smacks

3. Coco Rice Krispies What's the last thing you regret putting in your mouth?  Roasted Thai chili. The floor donut. i regret nothing. Bean boozled jellybeans Reddit what's a terrible movie that had a great soundtrack?  Twilight series had songs by Bon Iver, St. Vincent, etc. 50 shades of grey Flash Gordon. Come on reddit. Mortal Kombat The Patriot. What would you shout as a constant on MXC?  "Did I say 2 fingers? Better make it 3!" Long live the Queen! What comment of yours got gilded?  I've never been gilded Fuck Comcast A comment yesterday about sleeping in bed with my dead, decaying parents. What else? [This one](http://reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/533gyk/my_life_is_going_on_and_i_never_received_a_reddit/) A stupid comment about not pulling out Edit: thanks for the gold! None. This one? What should be illegal after 4 pm?  Calling your employees. Work Murder, rape, coveting your neighbor's goat... You know, the usual. 3 pm. Bringing children to movies. Eye contact Camping the passing lane. Texting your ex. Coke Political conversations. Sex, I just want to sleep God dammit, my alarm is going to go off in 2 hrs.
 
Edit:  Oops I thought you meant 4 a.m. Nevermind. Arguments - all arguments are prohibited from 4PM to 10AM. We need fewer laws not more. Nothing? Meetings at the office. Rape and murder lawn mowing What's the adult version of a kids snowday?  bomb threat at work day! Work is down today, you're being paid for it! Network is down. Office is moving. Boss is at a family funereal. 

For sales people: last day of the month/quarter/year when you've hit your number. chucking a sickie school starts back up, with extracurricular sports. kids are out of the house for like 12 hours of the day. I live somewhere where it only snows about once a decade. I got my first ever snow day about two years ago and had a surprise day and a half off from work. Awesome, because I got to slide down an icy hill in a laundry basket and had a snow ball fight... but sucked because I lost a day and a half of pay. Sick days? What is the first thing that comes to mind when you hear the word "Millennial"?  A baby boomer crying that the younger generation doesn't share any of their morality or ideals. Some redditor treating arbitrary cutoffs like they mean something This kid from elementary school that kept calling it the "Millennial Falcon."  IT'S MILLENNIUM! KYLE, YOU TESTICLE! Grossly misused term that covers a way wider range of people than most using it think it does. Smartphones Millenium by Robbie Williams. Heard it earlier today. Bernie The new old me The current season of survivor. I think of a clueless twenty year old, and remind myself that being married, in my thirties, with a full time job means I am also a Millennial. "Social Media"

And to hell with that fake generation Stupid. Loser, whiney ass shitbag. Complaining. opinion on everything; experience in nothing. [Serious] Redditors who have self-harmed: what would be your no. 1 LPT to prevent those who might self harm from doing so?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Talk to people. You might get shut down a handful of times but keep trying! 

And also, just hold on. It gets better!! Garden Don't keep razor blades laying around the house. Throw away the razors and tell your parents I used to self-harm a lot, and when I stopped I was ashamed of my scars, which led to me self-harming more. It became a cycle, until I realized I had nothing to be ashamed of. I think that once you accept yourself, your depression is easier to overcome completely instead of just ignored. That shit stays there. When you're enjoying yourself and then you look down on your arms and see scars, you're instantly reminded of dark times. Not worth it. Not worth the pain. There's other ways to cope. I used to draw lines on paper or cut up old t shirts. It's been a year now, but it stays with you. This sounds contradictory, but if the emotional shit doesn't work, the practical answer is to remember your future. Cutting was the only thing keeping me from joining the military, my lifelong dream. Now I'm just trying to hold a job that makes enough to support my want for combat and survival training smoke cigarettes. it cured me. Just a few words of advice. Which is, life is tough, but it's tough for everyone. Get over it. Keep moving forward. No matter if it's one step a day or a mile a day. Keep trying. Just know that when you choose to give up you're not making it easier for everyone that loves you. You always have someone that loves you. What was the sexiest moment you've ever witnessed?  There is a guy dressed as a clown waiting for you outside of your house, all he wants to do is play a game of cards with you, what do you do?  Call the police. I hate card games. blow him Ask him if he's ever been shot before. Inform him that he is quite close to experiencing it if he doesn't remove himself from my property. Well if he asks nicely I'll do it I mean play a game of cards.  I am a stickler for a good game of go fish. Play cards, but while watching Vulgar just in case he gets any funny ideas. What kind of card game...? Depends on the card game. I'm always up for some Yu-Gi-Oh. Play and take the suckers dough. Why do you use Reddit?  Fun It's the front page of the internet. Gotta get the memes somewhere It's thought provoking and full of memes. What more is there to say?

^(^Also ^it's ^quite ^addictive ^but ^that's ^beside ^the ^point ^somehow.) To escape the pain and suffering of the real world To red the its Pass time Because I have no life. It's my relaxation at the end of the day. Because this particular job is super boring. Fun, but also to learn things. It's awesome to have dedicated communities for niche interests and knowledge sharing. Meet new friends? :D A lot of reasons.  The one that brought me here though was to promote my writing.  I've written a book and now I'm trying to get people to read it, and, as it turns out, it's hard to do.  It's especially hard to do if you want anybody outside of your home town to see it.

So... Reddit!

https://leodfitz.wordpress.com/2016/08/15/awfully-appetizing-chapter-1/ Learn, laugh, news. It's entertaining. To learn new things. To play with you humans. What piece of knowledge do you wish you could un-learn?  That some cultures eat the placenta after child birth. I think I would do just fine without knowing that. Life is not what you thought it would be as a child. It's tough and all your dreams don't happen. That my uterus could prolapse some day Everything I ever read in the Merck Manual. Anything I've heard about the dark web. If it involves reality TV in any form: I want it purged from the memory. How revolting restaurants often are. From maggots inside the soda nozzles to roaches behind the soft serve machine, I think I would prefer to have just been blissfully ignorant instead of being paranoid of where my food has been. German Redditors, what side do you root for in movies like 'Band of Brothers'?  What was the most creative video game you have played?  The Stanley Parable. Probably [**Portal**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cO_DIVuSyQ) Undertale Psychonauts (n)ds down!  Portals, h(a) Super Mario Galaxy Braid and Portal Ultima IV. Weeks of play, big world map, and it fit on 4 135k floppy disks. Life is Strange Recently probably Firewatch. Running with rifles. Some serious thought and skill went into the trajectory, terrain, and ai. Gfx meh, but who needs those when you have solid gameplay. Definitely SoundShapes, if we're going with creative premise and execution. Tear Away Anything by Osamu Sato:

Eastern Mind- The Lost Souls of Tong Nou 
Chu Teng 
LSD: Dream Emulator 

All these games have etched a deep place in my psyche. Minecraft. It's like legos but on a PC. Leisure Suit Larry Motherfucking LEGO Creator. Infinite lego flying camera drone trains. BeamNG.Drive Spyro 1. Regardless of the levels feeling linear nowadays, just a masterpiece I'm torn between Portal and Undertale Fallout 4. Simply amazing game. Blodbourne What's something you should do in HighSchool?  Have sex as frequently as possible. Start maintaining your health Homework High school Go to senior prom. Study hard. high school ~~chicks~~ people. Graduate. Study, I guess... I mean, or don't. Just have fun. High school is super fun and the grades really don't matter. So long as you have an ok GPA, like 3.75 or better, don't really worry about it. If you have the opportunity to travel out of the country during your high school year, do it. Get A's.
think your in love
be a jock
then be a nerd
then be completely unclassifiable
almost get kicked out, but you're too charming Write a hit single actually going to school Learn to socialize and get a hobby to share with people Study hard...and attend as many school activities as you can. Study hard, work on your hygiene, figure out if you have a passion, if so follow it, if not go for engineering or computer science if you plan on college or a skilled trade if not: electrician, mechanic, plumber. Your skill set will be in demand. If you followed your passion, after 5-10 years of not landing a job, go for engineering or computer science if you aren't crushed by insane student loan debt or a skilled trade if you are. Marry someone who doesn't challenge you too much and have some kids. Buy a house and convince yourself this is the life you wanted. Stare forlornly at the piano in the corner. When your wife asks you to go to the store to get diapers, grab your wallet and keys. Turn on the ignition, pull out of the driveway. Pass the grocery store. Keep driving. Throw your cell phone out of the window. When your car runs out of gas, set it on fire. Spend some time on the road. Do some things you're not proud of. Lie down under the stars and look at them, I mean REALLY look. at. them. Take mind-altering substances and commune with the gods. Wake up naked in an arroyo in New Mexico. Fight off a wild animal then wander aimlessly downstream. Watch the vultures circling overhead. This rock looks so comfortable. Lie down, just for a minute. Just a minute. Make money, save money, and also spend money. On the one hand after high school it will probably be a while until you have enough extra money outside of worrying about debt, food, and housing, so like enjoy that while you can. But if i'd saved half the money I made in highschool I wouldn't be struggling to work and keep up my grades at the same time so I don't lose scholarships and lose money but I'm also making enough money just to eat. Learn how to file a tax return. 

A million times more useful than, for example, memorizing what the cosine does. what is your biggest fears in life?  mine is sharks and spiders Being arrested for a crime I didn't committ Centipedes, rollercoasters or any ride that is serviced by a human that is mechanical,  water slides,  movie theaters, home invasion, Trump,  when a cop car gets near my vehicle, driving on the highway,  getting fired,  someone killing my daughter or husband, my ex killing me,  Hilary,  that jehovah witnesses are actually right,  that Catholics are right,  getting a promotion,  gaining weight,  losing weight,  developing an eating disorder,  my Daugher developing an eating disorder,  going into a coma, getting cut in half by a car accident,  driving behind a logging truck, flying,  being in a train or bus,  death Losing girlfriend and daughter My kids dying Time, death, losing family members Cockroaches... fuck everything about those terrifying bugs, I know they're harmless but What is your favorite thing about the Fall season?  I can be outside about 5 more minutes before my balls start sweating. Autumn*

FTFY The smell. The temp. I can wear my hoodies and  not swear my ass off. The tourist go away and I can actually go to the convenience store 5 mins away instead of a 40 minute trip for 1 thing Easy, fantasy football Football. Great way to kill time until basketball. Winter is Coming Well, when I lived in Florida, there was no difference. You had maybe two weeks of colder weather, then back to hot. Since I moved back north, I'm excited to see an actual season change and environment change. Plus, Winter is coming. Not sweating buckets. In the UK we go from warm, muggy and grey, to cold, chilly and grey. I prefer the cold and grey so I like the *AUTUMN*. As a bald headed dude my head is less shiny and oily. What word do you still mis-use/mispronounce even though you know full well you are using it incorrectly?  Ironic! Because people have been misusing it for decades now, it's easier to just use it the wrong way so people know what I'm talking about.

This probably doesn't count cos it might be slang maybe? But whenever I say "little" I always say "lickle." Per Vatim Philistine.

The American pronunciation is "phil uh steen", the British is "phil uh stine"

I didn't care until I used the second pronunciation and one of my family members made a big deal about how I was pronouncing it wrong. So now I exclusively use the second pronunciation. "Meme" instead of "image macro". "Skee-mantics" Esspresso It's actually not something I do anymore but I've noticed that many say it this way where I grew up, (Oregon)

People pronouce the word "both" as "bolth" with an L. When you see the word "worldbuilding", what book/story or series do you think of first?  Lord of the Rings and the Discworld series were the first to come to mind I think of Dungeons and Dragons, because that's where I was first encouraged to do worldbuilding of my own. Berserk
My favorite story ever written The Magicians series.  Last book. Probably for me it's C.S. Lewis's Narnia, because that was the first fantasy world I found myself immersed in and really wanted to go to. Epic adventures and talking animals? Sign me up!

There are other great worlds, and arguably more complex ones: Middle Earth, Westeros, Larry Niven's Known Space universe (another all-time fave), but Narnia is kind of like a first love you never quite forget. What is it about places in fiction like Jurassic Park and Westworld that cause them to have catastrophic failures?  Screenwriting Chaos theory Michael Crichton They're works of fiction that need a conflict. They'd be pretty boring films otherwise. "Life, uh, finds a way" The need for a conflict to base the story on. Umm the author designed it that way There's this real common oversight in establishments such as these, it's called plot. Besides the "it's a story" angle...

Human arrogance is the driving force behind it. Humans say "can't happen, we thought of everything!"

Then things happen that they didn't think about.

Applies to life in general, really. Hubris basically, I know it's a story Playing god never ends well. The hubris of man.  When man attempts to be god, god punishes man.  Same basic principle as Frankenstein. There is an intrinsic dishonesty about most theme park type settings.  The dishonesty is the safety net that protects the people within it.  It is inevitable for someone who is that sort of setting to ask the question, what happens if that safety net is removed.  Stories like Jurassic Park and Westworld simply imagine a world in which those safety nets can be easily ripped away. Add Deepwater Horizon to the list.  Too many moving parts.

I have enough of a challenge maintaining just one car. To put it bluntly, chaos.  You cannot have order without chaos.  There has to be a balance.  Nature itself is an act of balance.  Good and evil.  Black and white.  Male and female.  Chaos and order.


I've never read any of the books, only seen the Jurassic Park movie a couple of times.


But the basic gist is man sees chaos in his own world.  He wants to create a perfect world.  He does everything he can in his power to create this utopian society.  Whether the inhabitants are humans or dinosaurs, he things he has all of his bases covered to prevent any of the chaos or destruction that goes in the real world, in the natural world.


However, as Dr. Malcolm said, life finds a way.  Chaos finds a way to wriggle its way through and help balance things out.  Yes, there may be some death and destruction, but once the smoke clears, balance will be restored.


When Dr. Hammond and his team bioengineered the dinosaurs into all being females, what they didn't count on was some chickens, with whom the dinosaurs shared some core DNA strands (IIRC, they used chicken eggs for the initial cloning), were capable of hermaphroditism.  Then with the offspring, some would have been born male.  So, life did find a way.


Another thing they didn't count on was that while being incubated and being in contact with humans from birth, they would watch the humans, watch how they acted, what their habits were.  When the velocipator opened the kitchen door, it had learned from watching the humans open a door in the lab.


Other factors played a role, and no one knew exactly what would happen.


In short, chaos finds a way. If you could do anything to your hair with the option to immediately change it back if you didn't like it, what would you do?  I'm a male with short messy hair. Id like to try out beautiful locks down to my shoulders 

Here's what I look like in case anyone can tell me if I'd look good with long hair 
https://imgur.com/a/H638L Grow my amazing curly mane back out without having to go through that awful fucking jew fro in between stage. I'd do a very short buzzcut. I have really long curly hair right now and the shortest I've gone was a pixie cut about four years ago.

I like the look of buzzcuts. Would love to have that Natalie Dormer one size shaved cut. But I think my face is too fat for that. Have some.  :| Can I magically change my natural hair color to a fiery red? I wanna be a ginger... change it back I saw a hot chick tonight with hair about as long as mine dyed a medium grey/silver. It was obviously dyed and looked amazing. I'm a male with dreadlocks. Before you ask, I wash my hair everyday like regular people, and I don't use locking gels or sprays to keep it together. My hair is naturally good at holding a dreadlock shape. It's been 14-15 years since I've had any type of short hair. I would like to see how I look with no dreads, but not a buzzcut. chaka khan hair! Dye it blue then spiked


I'm a guy with short but thick hair, I've always said that if it gets dyed then it's all blue. I just want to know how I'd look as an anime protagonist. Oh the colors i would dye it - deep sapphires, brilliant purples - as well as the whole gamut of natural colors like platinum blonde I've never been able to achieve. I would love to try different alt looks - undercuts, long dreds -  nothing overly short because my face is so round. If I had to pick one, a sapphire color with a sharp undercut, and with the underside a dark emerald. That'd be pretty but not so professional so being able to change back would be key. Just be able to grow some. I'm 26, male pattern baldness sucks. I got a sweet beard though. Are we talking magic? Because I've anyways liked an Afro, but due to genetics I can never have one. Two things dyed dark oceanish blue or be able to skip the in between long and short hair stage. I love my hair when it's long enough to actually mange but the in between where I can't see whole driving if the window is down sucks.

Also wish my hair was more red it changes seasonally from rust to shiny orange. This thread is silly I have had at least 20 different hairstyles and been every colour in the rainbow. It grows back. 

Mohawks  to everyone!! I want it thicker and more curly like my mom's but I know if I had that I would want it thin and straight Grow a beard like Jesus, and head hair like Legolas. I would love to have long, flowy tresses that grow as fast as weeds. I've been living a 12-year struggle trying to grow my hair out. Used to go all the way down my back, and when I was about 8 or so I told my mom I wanted to get it cut. Now it breaks off super easy and if I don't properly maintain it, I have to go through the big chop all over again. I've gone through the cycle like 5 or 6 times. I cry almost every time lol. Reddit, what absurd things have you heard taking gender studies/race relations courses?  I'm 31 and those weren't subjects in my day A race relations professor actually tried claiming that interracial sex doesnt make god cry. Can you believe it? I walked out after that shit Somehow, Feminism is more acceptable than "Meninism". What's a unique crafty hobby?  Doing shit with leather or wood or yarn. Paper quilling. I'm looking for a hobby.  I find art relaxing but I'm not the biggest fan of knitting and things like that.  I like to make a painting or two but I get bored with it.  I really like 3d things. Watching the planet turn Decorate wine bottles. I have been dabbling in robotics. Its honestly quite fun Making popup cards for people. Build models, you can do loads of things to make them better, and more realistic. I add lights, and build them into scenes. [Serious]Immigrants to America, what brought you here? What made you leave your original country?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Bee keepers of Reddit, how has the U.S declaring bees as a endangered species affected your business or life?  .ifttg cf ggd frj dm,kmk They only listed a small set of the many species of bees, so it's probably not having a very large impact on most. The amount of paperwork involved with the ESA is quite astronomical, so it really could become very tedious when dealing with a particular species. Gang members/former gang members of reddit, what did you do for gang initiation?  Rolled the dice, number was how many dicks my butt had to take I joined a gang when I was in high school in like, I dunno, 1998? They were neighborhood kids mostly, a lot of them kids I'd known my whole life, and basically someone had gotten a good weed hookup that led to better connections and eventually it was just sort of a thrown together drug dealing thing. Really decentralized, like there were three or four leaders or whatever, but really everyone just did what the distributors told them to. They were recruiting young folk from all over to get everyone onside basically, and then I joined because my friend thought I was crazy good at math and they were like "let's make this dude our jew lawyer" which basically just meant counting money and making sure everything came close enough to adding up. 

But yeah, math or no math its all blood in blood out and whatever, I'd known all these kids since way back so. Summer after sophomore year in high school, we're all on the train, and one of my boys just goes "hey man, you shine a blade?" so I took out my pocket knife and showed it to him and he told me to carve my initials into someone's arm on the train while they held him down. They grabbed this skinny kid and just sat on him so he couldn't move at all. He pissed himself and was screaming bloody murder the whole time. I tried not to cut him too deep, because that would have been fucked up, but I did leave my initials pretty good in his arm. He went to the cops and the next day they pulled me out of school and took me to the police station but even though it was my initials on his arm they couldn't do shit about it because you forgot to add a [Serious] tag and I made all that up. I had to drink kid spit. I dont even like Joe Cumia that much and his biker gang stinks and i dont like it Drink a whole gallon of milk Had to buy a white sheet and make it into an outfit, then attend a cross burning. Then you were in. Not a gang, but a frat. A few guys who kind of ran the frat had a YouTube channel and made us do stupid shit so he could record it. 

Not me, but a guy [body-slamming a cactus.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JK9rcu3mC9g) What nice thing do you have to say about something you hate?  I hope they both find their true calling outside of politics. she's got nice tits, and i like how she often wears dresses. ISIS sure has done a lot to scare away the younger generation of Syrians from radical Islam. Some now associate Islam with fear and are less likely to grow up to be heavily religious he's a fair enough children's author even though he shouldn't be around children since he molested his daughter and physically and psychologically abused his son.

But he if he never met my mom i wouldnt be here. It pays the bills. For a fat chick, you don't sweat much Nothing. Nothing at all. At least Kurt Cobain had the decency to kill Kurt Cobain. I guess your husband was an OK president. The absence of you is love Kim Jung Un has fantastic hair It was OK. I love the Zippo lighters used by smokers. Which event has left the news and public consciousness far too soon?  I was always surprised to still see BP gas stations in business after their huge gulf fuckup.

They aren't in my area or state, but when I travel I still see them, with people buying at the pump.  There are dozens of competing nearby gas stations everywhere, with the same product between them.  Why give them the business? The complete chaos and destruction every single BLM protest results in. [diarrhea](http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs330/en/) Harambe What's the funniest/dumbest thing you've ever done?  There was a construction site down the road and my friends and I, we were maybe 13 years old, but we would go dumpster diving in the evening to see all the cool stuff the workers would throw away.  Scrap boards, 2x4s, and other random things.  We would take it out and haul it back to the woods behind my buddy's house to build our forts.

Well one day we had gotten a half-full spray paint can, and also a can of foam insulation, among other things.

Back in the woods, there was a tree that we had nailed a random nail sticking halfway out of.  My one friend hit the spray paint can on it and made a tiny puncture hole, which just leaked the paint out in a continuous spray.  It was cool, it was like as if someone had just taped down the nozzle.  We threw it around and in the air while paint sprayed.  All good stuff.

I wanted to do the same thing with the foam insulation.  Took the can and smacked it against the nail in the tree. NOPE.  BOOM! Can burst open and exploded this liquid all over me and everything around.

I was unharmed and laughed for a second like wow!  Then, it started happening.  All the liquid hardened and puffed up.  Instantly my whole arm, face, hair, was sealed inside this insulation shit.  

Couldn't wash it off, obviously it's all weatherproof and what not.  Had to shave my head, eyebrows, and rip that stuff off my arms.  Like a full body painful wax.  I looked like a goddamn fool for a couple weeks.  Derek's mom just shook her head when she saw me, my parents called me dumbass a lot, I deserved it.

The woods probably still have wads of insulation all over the ground and trees to this day. "What year were you born?" 



"March 25th" Fucked my best friends mom when i was in college. after 7 years he still doesnt know this. Good for him What is one place you would love to visit one day?  The great wall of the USA. Put me on that moon before I die please. Mars Bora Bora Japan! Probably Akibahara. Iceland bunch of NZ and JP! why do people want to go there? California...all of it. Germany, Australia, Japan. New Zealand, just to check it out to see if I really wanna emigrate there after this election. Somalia Argentina and Chile Outer space.

It will cost about $250,000 a person, give or take, for 2-4 minutes actually in space.

I will get ther some day, for sure, but it will be a while. I would love to visit Northern Spain Sarnia,  There's some serious sexual tension there...  waiting to be let out of the box since high school The *USS Arizona* Memorial at Pearl Harbor. I don't know where, specifically, or if this is even doable, but someday I want to really see the stars. I was out tonight and saw like 15 stars out and got excited and stared up at them for a few minutes because from my house you can see maybe three or four if you're lucky.  I don't have a bucket list but the one thing I really want to do before I die is go somewhere without all the light pollution and just see them all. New Zealand Norway, all the way baby! New Zealand has always intrigued me. I had a friend go there because he had met a woman from there and he went and started working for her father in construction. That was 20 years ago and I haven't seen him since, except on facebook. I wanna see Japan! Like, all sorts of different places in Japan. And Norway too. ^w^ Prague My top 5 has always been Antarctica, Australia, Iceland, New Zealand, and Norway, in that order.

I love the whole idea of hiking spots that next to no humans have ever touched. Penguins aren't afraid of humans. In the summer, Antarctica is very tolerable. It's one of the most beautiful, desolate places nobody ever seems to consider to travel to. North Korea. I imagine it like a real life Twilight Zone. Colorado Afghanistan would be amazing. I belive there are some quite peaceful regions, so it's just to keep saving I guess..

edit: quick research taught me that there are pretty much no safe zones now. Save and wait.. San Francisco. Siberia! Pristine untouched wilderness Mars. I really want to walk on another planet. Japan or China, the culture is intriguing and vastly different from here in America. India, maybe just to put a few miles on my soul. The countryside of France, in particular, Leon and the areas surrounding it; the people there have a profound appreciation of life and enjoy it to the fullest. Maybe even Greece or Rome to find out about the empires that once dominated Eurasia physically and intellectually. Maybe I would revisit London, Paris, and Amsterdam, spend a little more time there, maybe a summer or two, and get to know the cultures and the people living there. That pretty much sums it up for me. Robin Williams' grave site. Just to thank him. London, South Korea, Cabo Verde and all of the Disney Parks. I just spend too much time planning trips that I'll never have money for. Thailand red light district. Hawaii! I've always wanted to visit New Zealand. Iceland Somewhere really far north or south i wanna see the aurora borealis or australis My multi million dollar mansion on the waterfront somewhere. Outer space. Vienna Austria Antarctica. The anus of OPs mom New Jersey Easter Island. The more geographically isolated island on earth and the Moai statues came from Chile. Spellbinding stuff. I would love to visit the Cape of Good Hope or a similar location where I can feel like I am standing at the "edge of the earth". The Great Pyramid. It's my life dream to see it Anywhere where I could see the milkyway Nepal A cloud city over Venus. I would like to take the [pan american highway](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pan-American_Highway) from farthest north farthest south. A road that big is a destination all on it's own. Easter Island. The Rift Valley in Africa. Ever since i saw *The Gods Must be Crazy* when i was a kid, I want to stand on the edge of the world, and toss a coke bottle into the great nothing. Finland If you could live in any decade for the rest of your life what decade would you chose and why?  The 80s. I was in my teens and 20s. Music was great, I was having fun all the time, I had little worries. Anything before 1970s is off the table, I'll let you figure out why. I just bought an Xbox one. I'm not leaving. 2300, the future is going to be so cool! So when the decade ends we die? Or do we have to perpetually repeat the decade? The spirit of the 1890s is alive in Portland. The 50s. Music reasons :) The 1950s. Ive always had an affinity for that decade. The cars, the clothes, the music, the movies and tv shows, the art and culture, etc. Do you like your life? Why?  Its awesome, good place right now, future secure, can just sit around and do stuff like post on reddits with no worries. Kinda? I mean, if I could just stop time and live like I am right now forever, I would love it. This is probably the greatest 3 month period I will ever experience, or anyone will ever experience. Truly fantastic.

With that being said, there are issues on the horizon that could be disastrous. I do actually. 

I have a marriage that's working, and I'm happy. 

I have a job I don't hate, and is at it's worst semi-irritating, at it's best highly satisfying and "going places". 

I volunteer places so I feel like I'm contributing to society and animal welfare. 

I am a human living in a time where I can talk to the world on this weird site called reddit, eating fried chicken, watching cartoons, and drinking wine. Shit's not so bad right now. No, many, many reasons. I think. It's alright. Could be better. But at least it's not too bad. I loved it up until last year. Hopefully, I'll love it again sometime. No. Honestly I'm pretty miserable. I'm sort of hoping to be diagnosed with a terminal disease so I can just sit around doing nothing and waiting to die. If I had a gun I'd probably have used it on myself by now. It's not that my life is particularly bad. I'm just tired of living, tired of putting in effort. I'd like to stop needing to live. I got a nice wife. I am a 45 year old male geologist my life couldn't be any better I have learned to enjoy life. I've been through the valleys and peaks. You have to enjoy things that you might overlook when concerned with bills, work, and responsibility. I look forward to the changing of the seasons, wild flowers and sunsets. I've really gotten into disk golf, literature and Scotch. Life isn't easy but it was never supposed to be. Find what makes you happy then repeat. Yes. I feel loved, supported, fulfilled, understood, appreciated and part of a community. It's pretty good, really, and even better now I've decided I'm gonna go to space some day. (Space tourism may become somewhat affordable in a couple decades!) Yo reddit, what are your best hair care tips?  Avoid fire unless you do manual labor in hot weather you don't need to shampoo your hair more than 2 times a week. just use conditioner the other times you shower. Wash, rinse, and repeat. Always repeat. Shave it all off Shave it off, trust me Mmmm, I love rabbit. Oh wait... Wash regularly, watch for nest formations Shaving it off I use argan oil and it makes it really smooth :') What is your hair texture? Basic tips for any type of hair is, don't wash it everyday. Condition heavily in the winter months. Keep your split ends trimmed. Use shampoo that is sulfate free. When shampooing add a little conditioner so that the shampoo doesn't strip your hair of essential oils too much. Never scratch your scalp when shampooing, you will only cuz irritation of the hair follicle. Massage your scalp when shampooing. Um...never use towels to dry your hair because you will cause static and frizz, use a microfiber towel OR an old cotton tshirt. Coconut oil, olive oil, almond oil and castor oil are your bffs when doing a DIY home hot oil treatment. That's all I could think of at the top of my head. Depends on your hair. When I started treating my hair as a specific texture and not just hair, things got a lot easier. **FOR THE LOVE OF GOD MOOSE AND TWIST** Tea tree oil make my hair silky, smooth, and soft
Just mix the oil with the tea tree oil soap and apply What separates those who do from those who dream of doing?  The actual doing part. Rhetorical questions. That first hard step A crowbar? Not wasting time on Reddit. Lazyness Courage What is this? A motivational poster? They do the do. Willingness to do stupid shit for the good of the cause. 

[Example](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JK9rcu3mC9g) Willpower What is one thing you wish you did in High School that you didn't?  Fucked my french teacher. Alicia, Nikki, Jordan, Faith, and Cayla Join the wrestling team Maybe signed up for Shop Class. (in the early 1970s). I was interested, but worried that people would think I was just doing it to meet guys. Actually paid attention in class instead of doing drugs in the restroom with my friends. kiss a girl Fucked the girls I could've but was too naive to realize.  And study.  I have done fine.  Have a law degree and make money, but if I had just done a little extra. Show up to class I wish I flirted more and learned to be more confident in myself. College was a sharp learning curve. Not be worried so much about the social implications of my actions because nobody will remember or give a fuck after you graduate Paid more attention in Math. I quit playing football after freshman year because I wanted to spend more time on academics and also I had a lingering back injury from 8th grade that just wouldn't go away. Wish I had stuck with it though Be a cheerleader. Gone to homecoming. Gave a fuck Beaten up my bullies and tormenters. I always wanted to find the"secret" room. If dove down I'm to the deep end of the pool you could see a window that looked in to a lounge area. This room would have been between floors I think. lost my virginity Bang my high school girlfriend Studied harder and applied myself more.

Take shop classes.

exercise and try to score with chicks. Dated other women. I had a toxic relationship with my high school sweetheart. Done quiz bowl. Unfortunately they only practiced when I had football/track. I wish it could have fit into my schedule, because that's always fun. Not be an angsty ass hole to everyone around me. Probably would have made friends... Beat the shit out of Brian. Tell liz that I loved her and she saved my life. Fuck my first girlfriend. Work out more. Stayed a virgin lost weight the way, like i finally did in my 30s.  My parents were and still are large and didn't really l get it"  but it would have been so much easier then. Went to college and it only got worse and worse. Ug. Actually did my homework even though I hated it with a burning, flaming passion. What's the proudest you've been of someone that wasn't your kid?  Cookie from shrek

Idk, if was never there, shrek and the gang would've been killed in jail. Cookie legit saved the whole movie When my bf got his acceptance email for college. I almost knocked him down because I ran to hug him. I'm still really proud :) A guy I coached went to nationals for high jump One of my former clients showed up to get his tag for one year of sobriety (from heroin) at the first NA meeting I (his counselor) brought him to. He had recently turned 18, repaired the relationship with his mom and dad, and started working construction full time to support his girlfriend and soon to be daughter. He still has a tough road, but he was a couple months away from being dead when I met him. Today I was super proud of a fictional character for facing his fear and not being terrified of cockroaches anymore. >.>' Kenny

They killed him but he always manages to come back... so talented What is your dream car?  I never understood the whole dream car thing. I am happy driving anything with four wheels that won't break down every other week. Forester 2.5xt fucking love those things. 6 speed plox '84 sheep dog Ferrari 599 GTB And the 25,00 a year to insure it!! The Oscar Myer Hot Dog car '69 Ford mustang, murdered out Cadillac CTS-V Station Wagon My dream car used to be an audi R8 but it was a little unrealistic, so I changed my mind to a Chevy Camaro, but now I have a kid so I think I want a Jeep Wrangler Unlimited Rubicon. koenigsegg agera r. If I start saving now I should be able to buy one by the time I hit the powerball jackpot. 2017 BMW i8 Either a Land Rover or a Mercedes four door sedan. I wanted a Tesla model S for the longest but...meh. Jaguar convertible. English racing green, with tan leather interior. Former athletes of reddit, what was your last day at your sport like?  Sad. We had a locker room orgy to celebrate. Painful, I fractured my collar bone sooooo happy, never had to waste my time with those assholes again I used to sail 420's at a national level, the last day was racing at nationals in vancouver used to play volleyball..last game was nothing special it was like any other game. we won and finished the season with a ok record. stopped playing like 2 yrs ago after 8th grade season. I wasnt one of the best players &not one of the worst either..had some good times but wasnt tryna play in high school. i jus wanted to meet all the guys at school when i got to 9th grade lol If r/Showerthoughts existed in the 1800s, what posts would be on it?  What is a shower? "It's ironic that the Cotton Gin, a device that made cleaning cotton easier, ended up increasing the Confederate's slave importation rates." I'm sick of having to wipe messages off my Slate Tablet seems to me, if we could store lightning, it may prove useful. Urine and poo is thrown out the bedroom window in a bucket onto the street.

What if there was a system where the *stuff* went down a pipe to a tank and we then didn't have to throw it out the window. What if there was a buggy that could tow horses? " if the world is flat, would i just fall off if i went forward in the ocean for hours " "I can't wait for the Iphone to be released, ill just wait here till then" TIL that a Confederate soldier will shoot at me during the day and then be cordial when we all refill our canteens from the same water source in the evening. lol XXDDDDDD f*ck negroes XDDDDDDDDDD Is what youre doing now what you always wanted to do growing up?  150% yes Kinda. I always wanted to go to the college that I currently attend, but I also wanted to have won the Heisman 3 times by now, and I haven't even won it ONCE Watching society decline while I come up with solutions over the past decade; yes. I'm an executive assistant. I thought I'd be a novelist by now. There's still time, but I sometimes find myself picturing my childhood self looking at me in utter disappointment. gud answers guys I'm in high school. When I was younger I'd hope that something cartoon-esque would happen to me so I didn't need to go to high school. Not really, no. I have a job that I'm not passionate about, but I'm starting to do YouTube stuff and I'm happy with that. I guess growing up I just wanted to be happy though, so I'm getting there! Not. Even. Close. No.  But for the better.  When you realize your goal is not as good as your potential. Once you have a family, any idea of personal happiness goes out the window.  Happiness then becomes making your family happy. Not really. I always wanted to be a doctor or work in the medical field. I'm a restaurant manager. I do enjoy my job, though, and I'm a recent college grad with a degree in social and behavioral sciences, so I'm better off than I had previously expected to be at this point. Once you get what you want you don't want it anymore. YOU AINT NEVER GON BE GROWN BOI I was positive that by the age of 30 I would have reached my goal of becoming a billionaire playboy philanthropist. I'm 35 now and have a checking account balance of tree fiddy, playboy only works in terms of a last resort when my internet bill hasn't been paid and the closest I have come to philanthropy is lying about charitable donations on my taxes. Negative What historical events or discoveries really changed the world?  ...probably the discovery of dinosaur fossils. That whole Henry VIII divorce thing. Gun powder. We still don't know what to do with ourselves since the industrial revolution. What did you unintentionally conditioned yourself (pavlovian style) to do?  Squeeze my boobs whenever I am looking for something. When going to bed, hitting the bucket of dog treats first. 

Only realized this last week after I had to put my dog down. I still get off the couch and walk to the cabinet to grab the treats before I remember that I've lost my best friend. Lock every room I enter. My dad has a habit of barging in my room so I always lock the door. Now, whenever I go into a room with a push-lock doorknob, I always unintentionally lock it. Make lyrics over lyrics. I.E. Steal beats. Crave for a cigarette when I need a break. Whenever I shower, I have to stand with my arms a particular way (assuming I'm not actively scrubbing). I can't even do it when I'm not in the shower, but essentially, my right arm has to reach across my chest and practically hug myself, while my left hand grasps my right hand. I have no idea why I do this, but if I try to stand normally, it's immensely uncomfortable. For years, whenever I got out of my car, before I shut my door, I would ask myself, "Keys in hand?"

Sure enough, whether they are or not, those words go through my head. Fully wake up when I put on my glasses. Pretty much never go outside. Bad shit happens out there all the time so eventually you learn just not to go out there. What movie title is your life?  A Series of Unfortunate Events Dazed and Confused Men who stare at goats The Invisible Man Inception Home alone the 40 years old virgin Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot Goldmember Snakes On A Plane! The Big Chill Flushed away. Grandma's Boy The good, the bad, and the dank Ferris Bueller's Day Off If we rewrote the American constitution today what would you change, get rid of, add, etc?  Stop allowing congress to control their salary. I would impose term limits for congress. Allow the federal age for drinking alcohol to be 18. Or at least if you serve to allow them to buy their own alcohol. People are going to get it anyway and I feel if people can get it themselves, they will be more responsible with it. The electoral college can get fucked. Something that sets a time limit for repetitive Supreme Court appointment refusals. There's this thing called article 5 and it allows us to amend the constitution. There is no need to rewrite anything I would ban political parties outright.

Lock the bill of rights to be unalterable and un arguable. Government shouldn't have the power to restrict the rights it exists to protect.

Create a 4th branch of government formed the same way Jury Duty is selected, to be a special assembly on policy and corruption. With new members selected at random every quarter year. This assembly could delay laws until popular vote  can be held by the people to either allow or disallow the law. They could also vote recall congressmen or senators. Just the original, or including the bill of rights and other amendments? I really don't think the founding fathers anticipated the degree to which 'arms' would advance. I would have liked to have given them a heads up for it. Free midgets I would give gorillas in captivity the right to bare arms. [removed] I'm gonna take yer guns. MUAHAHAHAHA Eliminate the electoral college. Looking to go on a post grad trip out of college what websites are useful?  https://www.ricksteves.com/europe/italy Ticklemeelmovirtualreality.com It's longer than a trip, but look into any given one of teaching overseas sites, like JET or American Schools. Fodor's

http://www.fodors.com/world/ Pornhub.com Without saying the name, character, place or a phrase, what is your favorite book?  Children at war with each other to prepare for war against aliens. Following a plan to a better future planned centuries ago. orphan who is good at climbing become a sherlock holmes who is also great at sneaking and using knives and arrows. Kid gets thrown out a window for seeing some royal incest, and somehow it keeps getting worse. 4 Clans of cats who live together in a forest. 1985 - 1 Woman falls through time to cheat on loving husband. People want to nuke already nuked city so subway tunnels can be sorta safe Teenager finds sleeping old man with the help of two mental lessers. Turns out the old man is super important, kidnaps the teen & his pet tards, flies off, gets caught, big battle aaannnddd cliff hanger. Japanese guy goes through a Groundhog Day loop fighting Aliens. He will never get their fortune. Guy who burns books likes books now. Various individual groups of people try to re-build societal structure after a meteor strikes the earth and chaos ensues. The devil is a walking, talking cat causing havoc in ....capital city of country Putin now presides. Creative kids sent to death kill pirates with help of dragons 11 year old boy discovers he's a wizard Author has a car accident, his number one fan finds him and takes care of him. All animals are created equal but some are more equal than others Young loner mercenary boy makes friends
His best friend rapes his girl friend leaving her brain dead
He hunts his old friend's new friends to get to him to kill him Newly orphaned Indian youth's boat sinks and lives on a small raft with a tiger. A pubescent girl tries to rescue her best friend only to somehow -- and completely by accident -- end up as an important figure in a war against God that is being waged across the multiverse. The galaxy is divided among zones where light isn't always the speed limit Extremely depressed man falls for one of the synths that he's hired to kill, but then returns to his wife in the end and they are depressed together. A kid who is a leech/freeloader in the most selfish way and another character who can really only be characterized by a pervasive and never ending psychological dependence on this kid. The relationship is borderline abusive, and she only wants to make the kid happy. What is high school like?  School but not low Freshmen year: You are starting to break out of that awkward middle school shell and find a nice friend group. Upperclassmen might call you "fish."

Sophomore year: No one really hears about you. I forgotten most of my sophomore year.

Junior year: TESTS TESTS COLLEGE ACT SAT MORE TESTS!!!! COLLEGE!!! COLLEGE IS LYFE. SAT PREP ACT PREP ESSAY WRITING.

Senior year: Hey you got in college. Great. NOW GET YOUR ENTIRE LIFE TOGETHER. YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN NOW. NO ONE IS GONNA HELP YOU. bunch of confused teenagers trying to get laid Mostly just six hours of enforced boredom five days a week As I recall, it involves a lot of very attractive people dealing with all kinds of emotional drama, while possibly fighting supernatural creatures...but then, I watch a lot of TV, so... More freedom than middle school. Math and science become incomprehensible. Hell, social suicide, a horny cesspit of bullying, popularity and in jokes. Amazing My (old) Kingdom Its like spending four years learning to swim and being pushed out into the desert. horrible, but after you graduate life seems to get a whole lot more better Among my high school classmates, i was the weird freak. I was shy and introverted and emotionally immature as a result of being raised by a mentally ill maniac in an abusive, dysfunctional home. I had no social skills, bad hygiene, and being dirt poor my clothes were old and raggedy whereas all the other kids were very well groomed and wearing the latest fashionable clothes. I more resembled a homeless bum than a teenaged high school student.

One time i was in the hallway walking to my next class when the kid ahead of me just happened to turn his head over his shoulder, seeing me walking behind him. He whispers, audibly, to his friend walking alongside him "look at whats behind us". Not "who", but "what". I'm not a who. Im a "what". (I quickened my pace to get around those two guys and by the time his friend looked behind him, i was gone)

One time my mother bought me a new jacket. But it was a counterfeit knockoff of the jacket styles that was popular back then. Because it was a counterfeit, my mother got it cheap. Whereas other kids jackets of the same exact design and style, theirs were covered in some sort of cloth. My jacket was cladded in what resembled and felt like soft plastic. It was probably nylon, but it looked like plastic. As a matter of fact one of my classmates pointed to my jacket i was wearing and asked innocently, "whats that? Plastic?"

In class one day a couple of girls were looking in my direction and laughing. I turned my head and out of the corner of my eye i caught one of my classmates making faces behind me. A prison of indoctrination soooo boring..im a junior & the only reason i still really go is to chill w my girls and my bf. i been skipping alott & dont really care anymore but ima try to graduate. my school is shitty tho..u might have a different experience then me if ur school is nicer/safer & all that. its way better then middle school tho. jus try to meet alot of ppl 9th grade..figure out ur main crew and keep the circle tight..but also try to know alot of ppl even if u dont chill w them Ass Where did you never expect to find yourself again and why?  Panda Express, the food is horrible Single living with my parents. 

Sophomore year of college I was engaged to a smart man who had a solid job in the North. I was gonna graduate, get married and then move up there. 


Yet here I am watching Lucifer with my mom and dad, watching all my friends post for #NationalBoyfriendDay. Here. I'm really trying. Saigon! I can't believe I'm back in Saigon. My old high school. Who ever expects to return to their former high school? On this mother EXPLICIT plane with all these mother EXPLICIT snakes [Serious] Excluding official helplines, how did you very likely save someone's life?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* **Don't let your kids eat small bits of produce at the grocery store**

I don't know why this is a thing where I live, but a lot of moms will just let their toddlers reach up and grab some grapes, or even a full fucking banana and just eat it. 

This one kid reached for some raspberries. 

A few seconds later after painstakingly looking at avacados -- i noticed the kid was blue in the face. NOT breathing. 

I had to kinda-hymlich this kids berries out of his throat.

The mother didn't even say thank you. She just moved on and slapped his hand "I tol' you not-tuh eat the berries". 

wtf lady. I own an advice blog where I answer people's concerns in-character as the tenth Doctor. He's actually not the sort of person to help out (I mean -- he cares, but also he's easily bored, and when it comes to schizophrenia etc he'd act like it's real because in his universe it is) but it helps people a great deal to have someone talk to them in his voice, and I know his speech patterns pretty well. Quite regularly I'll get someone dropping in to say I saved their life, or that I helped them make it past the death of their grandmother, or things along those lines. Its very gratifying. By writing them a short essay on the beauty of life, even if it looks bleak and bare at the moment Just be nice to people. You never know who is right on the edge of suicide (or homicide). Maybe your kindness will be that one thing that restores enough hope to keep them from going over the edge. One time I knew a man who had many people watching for one more false move to arrest him.  I did the "one inch' gesture with my finger and thumb and warned, "You are this close to losing your freedom.  You better just make yourself scarce until this blows over."  The operative word was freedom.  He didn't want to lose his freedom.  To say it saved his life is a stretch, but if you get arrested and start building up a record, it makes life very difficult. What do old people do better than younger people?  Actually prepare for outings. If you go on a hike or something with your grandparents they've got everything you'd need for survival in the wilderness for 3 months, but a bunch of teenagers probably would have 3 hiking boots and half a tent between them. Save money. Fuck Cursive handwriting. Mine's pretty decent but compared to my Grandma's... I need some work. See through bullshit. Die. Exercise patience Humility. I've been wrong so many times that I only have subjective opinions now. Appreciate Live in the moment without cell phones/screens. Enjoy silence or conversation without constantly needing to be stimulated. Vote for shitty politicians. Knit Solve problems. Accept reality. Probably handle their current situation. I'm here like 'I make shitty money and I drink too much so my life is gonna end!' And they're like ah my blood pressure is too high? Fuck it. I seriously envy that mentality Put up with bullshit at work ITT: things that require experience Look for things Complain about current pop music Shave.  I can shave without looking in the mirror and hit every spot while not leaving a single scrape.

Do some manual task every day for a few decades, and you can get frighteningly good at it. Respect [deleted] Responsibility. Know what's actually going on in their country Shoot pool Forget where they left their keys. Pretty much everything not physical. According to Dylan Moran, that would be, "purely hypothetical hair". Seeing how many of these comments relate to me so I can determine what defines "old" Nap. Remember the good old days. Handle life without safe spaces. Vote. Wake up early. Show their ball sacks. Live in the moment Show up on time. Elderly porn Pretend that they didn't hear something. Lol Racism. Hold meetings that could be handled with a few emails Their grammar is usually better. Adult. Talk about their first-hand experiences from the mid-20th century die Racism. Enjoy a nice slice of fruitcake [Just living in the moment, without needing to capture it.](http://static.boredpanda.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/senior-woman-living-in-moment-no-smartphone-celebrities-movie-premiere-black-mass-fb1__700.jpg) Drag a 30 minute phone conversation out into 2 hours.  

(I love you Grandma) Reading maps and not getting lost.

My gramps used to take us on vacation some times. He would study the paper map for half an hour, and that was it. Next day, he remembered all the way to the mountains, including the interesting side trips along the way. Build things out of other things. not give a fuck Dying Break. Know which glands on most wild game are edible. Estimate risk Vote for Trump

Edit: Down voted by a young Trump supporter. Go, you. Smell like meat loaf and death. Be adults Research and memory.

Google has spoiled us. Complain and make themselves feel entitled. The percentage of using checks to pay at a store. Be condescending. Die Marriage. 

Old people stick it out no matter what. Time is literally money
You get paid by the hour, you get returns on your investment over time, etc.
The more time you have spent on Earth the more money you should have. If you're old and you don't have anything to show for it you REALLY made poor decisions. Lose erections Die. You have all the necessary resources and no one will stop you. What's the best/worst unethical science or social experiment you can come up?  Creating venom from spiderman to help me take over the world. Population reduction using an algorithm to determine the weakest genes. Create a subreddit that rewards the shittiest of shitposts with karma, but make the subject matter be depression and suicide. 

See how people are drawn in. 

See /r/me_irl for an example Create mutants and be like " mutant and proud". Just go read about [Unit 731](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unit_731) and you'll have a pretty good starting list. Oh, just look at the experiments Nazi Germany and Japan did in the 30's and 40s, and what the CIA did in the 60's - 80's. Hypothesis: Absent any evidence, people will attack and even kill each other, if told that if they do not, they themselves will be attacked and killed. This behavior may or may not be enhanced by certain psychoactive substances, the determination of which is the target of this experiment.

Experimental method: Release the news that an experimental army chemical depot on the west coast had an accidental massive release which causes delirium and violence and eventually death. caution that drinking water has been affected, and the cloud will work its way across the entire US in the next 24-72 hours.  Circulate via CDC aid packages to each house containing food/water kits and defense weapons with instructions for how to identify and fight off contaminated individuals, and a youtube-like website where encounters should be posted, for containment. 

Surprise!, the food/water kits are laced with various combinations of bath salts, hallucinogens, disassociatives, and other chemicals. The weapons provided are associated with each type of chemical above, to make correlation of drug with violence type easily determined by quick analysis of the wounds. Video uploads can be used both for future stock footage in zombie movies, as well as for determination of levels of violence associated with various dosing in the present experiment. I would want to take someone that is a failure, despite working extremely hard, and turn them into a household name that is celebrated. The subject would be able to do anything they desire while somehow making the world a better place. Then after the subject is comfortable in their new lifestyle, they would wake up one morning like nothing ever happened. From there, it would start with some minor annoyances like running out of toilet paper or missing out on the last donut, but then I would slowly take away everything and everyone that gives the subject joy. During these down times, I would give subtle reminders of their past life and keep them at a hopeful state that maybe their fantasy can exist. They won't. Instead they'll live the rest of their life wondering if it's worth living. Control of every social media conglomerate and database to identify and create psych profiles of every user. Also, their medical records.  

Then use that to get individual users to do things they would never do, using only posts and comments. Maybe kill someone they love, maybe kill themselves.  

Cross-reference with medical history and try to stablish biological or socio-cultural parameters that make people more susceptible to manipulation and suggestions. Maybe genetics, nutrition, a collection of diseases or disorders, an economic background, fears or insecurities.  

Then use the media to manipulate populations into breeding more individuals susceptible of manipulation.  

When the majority of a generation is easily manipulated, get them to buy and eat Haribo sugar-free gummy bears. Is literally every one of Donald Trump's political attacks on others based on something he himself has engaged in, but worse? The Beatles travel by time machine from 1966 to your present-day home. What music from the past 50 years do you play for them to show them the evolution of pop/rock?  Queen I'd be too busy having an out-of-body experience as a result of the fucking Beatles being in my house to play any music. But I'd be more interested in just talking with them about their opinion on anything and everything, besides just music. I've always wondered what Paul McCartney thinks of Paul Simon as a songwriter. [Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fktR7ardYU) by Miley Cyrus. I'd play them Paul McCartney's new album Autechre Skrillex I might show them some of their own music ;) Deicide Deicide Justin Bieber and Rebecca Black. Reddit: What's an interesting fact about birds?  Cloaca Crows are massively intelligent and have been seen to learn people's faces and utilize tools. There's a ton of research on especially that second part that I know of.

For instance, in one experiment, a crow was given a hooked tool and a straight tool (both made of wire) to use to fish a little bucket of food out of a tube. Another crow flew away with the hooked tool, so the first crow took the straight one, bent it into a hook, and used it instead. The Cassowary is the most dangerous bird on Earth. 

http://www.arkinspace.com/2013/09/the-southern-cassowary-most-dangerous.html Their bones are hallow or something, so their body is lighter and it allows them to fly. The way eagles have sex is they fly up super high, start to do it and plummet to the earth hoping they finish before they splatter on the ground. Extreme sex :D They're dinosaurs and their closest living relatives are the crocodilians. Parrots mate for life and homosexual mating occurs (small %) and is totally accepted within their flock. Ducks can fly at 60 mph for hours on end. They used to be Dinosaurs. Beaks have been known to change size rapidly to conform to the food supply. What would a homeless person's day planner read like?  "Survive" 6am: Wake up

7am: Tear down tent 

8am: beg

9am: Beg 

10am: beg

11am: buy hard liquor

12pm: harder liquor 

1PM: beg

2pm: Flash middle school chidren 

3pm: jail 

4pm: free jail supper

5pm: be let out of jail on OR

6pm: Flash people on subway 

6:30pm: mutter to self while flashing

7pm: publicly urinate on subway

8pm: beg 

9pm: Masturbate in alley near subway

10pm: set up meth tent

11pm: smoke meth 

12am: continue meth

1am: meth 

2am: meth

3am: meth 

4am: meth 

5am: meth . wake up

. withstand shit from people all day because you need money

. maybe eat

. go to sleep wishing for better days I just sit in my car all day. In homeless. 6 o'clock: Wake up

7 o'clock: Get food stamps

8 o'clock: Go to crowded street corner and beg

9 o'clock: Beg

10 o'clock: Beg

11 o'clock: Beg

12 o'clock: Eat lunch if able

1 o'clock: Pick another street corner

2 o'clock: Beg

3 o'clock: Beg

4 o'clock: Beg

5 o'clock: Beg

6 o'clock: Buy liquor and drink it.

7 o'clock: Regret life choices.

8 o'clock: Sleep

9 o'clock: Have your stuff stolen by other homeless people and start fresh next day. What's a gross looking meal that you love to eat?  Ceviche Indian food looks like sick.  But I love it. I think prime rib looks like shit but it's fucking amazing. Goulash Sloppy Joes. 

Literally just slop placed on a bun. Usually very messy to eat Mountain oysters ;) Oysters and squid Ground beef, cheese curds, dressing, and gravy on fries. It looks like vomit but tastes A+ What NSFW song lyric can be turned into a Kidz Bop lyric?  Ain't nothing like black pussy on my dick,  word to the motherfucking dj quik. pretty much all of foxtrot uniform charlie kilo What will 2016 be remembered for?  Trump/Hillary being elected The Presidential Election A shitty year in which a lot of very talented and well loved celebrities died. Death and misery The most WTF year ever (hopefully) Deaths of celebrities. 
British independence.
Colombian peace (on thin ice right now.)
The election of the worst and most hated president in US history. coup in Brazil The black lives matters protesting especially the one in dallas

Crystal pepsi and ecto cooler returning Being shit Hopefully not year 0 of the 400 parts per million era It was a leap year. Exploding phones. The death of everything good. The craziest Presidential election ever. Emergence of Playstation Vr which led to the the revolution of 100% immersive VR in 2030 HARAMBE
#dicksoutforharambe What 5 fictional characters would you like to face the zombie apocalypse with (only one can be supernatural)?  Mad max, Bruce Wayne, Robin Williams character from Jumanji, Tarzan, and Dr. Manhattan It's obvious, I literally only need Superman and the rest can be any old guy or gal from the background cast. Tank Dempsey, Edward Richtofen, Takeo Masaki, Nikolai Belinksi
Just those 4 would be enough Roland Deschain (the dark tower). Han Solo. Lara Croft. Jessica Jones. Hell Boy. Deadpool, Bruce Wayne/Batman, Tony Stark/Iron Man, Steve Rogers/Captain America, & Luke Skywalker. Dr. Manhattan, he pretty much makes other people redundant from a survival standpoint. I guess I would just fill the rest of the team with attractive women, because I am going to need someway to spend time after Dr. Manhattan transports us to Mars and teraforms it. I will take Roller Girl from Boogie Nights, Lorraine from Swingers, Daisy from Bowfinger, and Felicity Shagwell from Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me because  4 perfect doppelgangers for Heather Graham seems like a winning plan to me. Ness, Firestar, Katniss Everdeen, Paula Polestar, and Dat Boi.
Why: Ness and Paula both have psychic powers, and building a fire or healing allies would be a cinch. Katniss is a master at surviving, Firestar, as long as he isn't bitten, can come back alive 9 times, plus he's an excellent hunter, and Dat Boi, since he has a mode of transportation, but he makes others yell "Oh shit waddup!" Most likely, Dat Boi is gonna be the first to die. Bud Spencer, Terrence Hill, Gandalf, Rick and Merle Dumbledore, Ser Arthur Dayne, Iron Man, Ezio Auditore and someone played by Emma Watson, don't care who. what are some of the best gaming sub reddits for and all around gaming enthusiast?  Most subs are on a game by game basis. The r/zelda and r/halo communities are two of my favourites. r/gaming

might be a good start How do you guys suggest we improve this clown prank?  Bad idea. Don't do it. Just start handing out Trump masks and let the mayhem happen tl;dr

more people need to dress up like clowns and linger around places. This is really long, but I'd appreciate if you guys took the time to read it, and gave me some more ideas/suggestions to make this the prank of the year! So my cousin is coming back from college for fall break next week, at the same time I am. His brother and I want to prank him using this clown "epidemic" hoax. Our end goal is to make him think a clown is after him, and that he's delusional. His only social media is Twitter, so we were thinking of starting up a new Twitter account with the AVI of a clown. And we'll just DM him creepy things, like sending him messages of questions and statements regarding things everyone knows about him(what college he attends, his hobbies, favorite movie genre, etc.) so he doesn't suspect it's us. I doubt he'll respond to the first few messages, but he'll get creeped out soon enough to ask "who this is". At that point we'll just ignore his any questions he DM's, and keep sending him creepy messages. When he finally comes back home on Thursday, that's when the really creepy stuff will start ensuing. We're thinking of having another friend calling him with a masked phone number, while we're all in the same room together so he doesn't suspect it's us. And we'll have our mutual friend just sitting on the other end silent, but he will breath heavily, then hang up after 10 seconds. We'll then DM him, "I've traced your laptop's IP address, expect company," or something along those lines. And a couple of hours later, my cousin's brother will say,"I think I just saw someone with red hair and a funny looking outfit dash through our front yard." At this point I believe he'll be scared shitless, and he'll start running around the house locking the doors lol. After that we'll ask him,"what's going on?" After he tells us, we'll make him out to "being delusional." That's what my cousin's brother and I could think up in under an hour. Like I said any suggestions, additions or adjustments to this plan would be greatly appreciated, thanks a ton guys! What common culinary practice makes something delicious taste worse?  Garlic is wonderful, but it's easy to overuse it and too much overpowers all flavors. Cooking oysters. Letting the kids help. Over-doing the spiciness. I came here to this restaurant to enjoy the kick in this chicken, not see my life flash before my streaming eyes as I beg the capsaicin gods to spare my unworthy, mortal tongue from this hell. Adding grilled onions. People put them on everything and I hate onions Too much salt. It's awful when done on perfectly fine tasting fish. what new technology will the current young generation fail to learn, and rely on younger people to guide them?  I already struggled with the PS4 controller's middle button. I am doomed. Brain Interface Computers Personal Taco Replication Devices What movie has so many plot holes it's jaw dropping?  The Dark Knight has more holes that Swiss cheese Commando (yes, I'm old) with Arnold Schwarzenegger! I watched that when I was around 8 and all the holes drove me crazy, even as a kid.. it's funny, but that was considered a good action movie back then. Star Wars VII: The Force Awakens Transformers Revenge of the Fallen Citizen Kane. Snakes on a Plane Jupiter Ascending Jaws. Those bite holes literally make the plot Jaws. Those bite holes literally make the plot The Dark Knight Rises.  Just a few...

* Bad knees and can barely walk, but is magically healed after he tries on a knee brace

* Loses all his money immediately after an attack on the stock exchange.  The SEC would have investigated the hell out of that incident

* Bane knows *exactly* where the Tumblers are parked...in a secret garage Fox admits only he and Wayne know about

* Bruce's back is broken by Bane, but miraculously healed in a hole with rope.  Enough that he is able to make a jump out that only one person has made...along with his bad knee.

* Bane says he was *raised in darkness* in that pit...despite there being plenty of natural light and a TV

* All the cops which were stuck in a sewer for several months, but when they are finally freed they all come out clean and clean-shaven.

* Wayne's reason for trusting Kyle, despite her stealing from him, and betraying him twice before. proof of life Wanted Batman vs Superman Star wars episode 1 [Serious] Parents of reddit, how do you feel about your children seeing things like violence and nudity in media?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* If pro-athletes are paid according to the calories they burn every game, who would be the highest and the lowest paid?  Pablo Sandoval would have to pay the Red Sox. Highest, swimmer

Lowest, golfer Professional e sports player lowest. Basketball probably the highest. I don't know if there are pro water polo leagues, but if there are, I pick that for highest. Lowest would be designated hitters. Highest probably soccer midfielders. Soccer would make a lot, baseball not so much Test cricketers would probably be paid the highest. It's not really seen as an energy intensive sport but playing 6 hours a day for 5 days in a row is sure to burn some calories. Have we considered rowing here? That shit is rough. LeMans LMP1 drivers are way up there. 

Lowest is covered pretty well. I'm guessing pro cycling at the highest. Rugby 7's players would probably be on top,

Chess would be on the bottom. Lowest would be bowler. Highest: Water Polo or Squash
Lowest: something baseball Hockey goalie would probably be at the top TIL I don't give a shit Impossible to answer What is the largest plot-hole in any liked/critically acclaimed movies?  Remember in *The Dark Knight*, when the Joker crashes Bruce Wayne's fundraiser, and drops Rachel out of the window forcing Batman to dive after her? 

Batman doesn't go back to the party after that. The Joker is still in Bruce Wayne's penthouse full of fabulously wealthy innocents when they move on to the next scene. Maybe not a "plot hole" but a seriously ridiculous continuity error:

that freaking cliff in the *Jurassic Park* t-rex scene. in book one, apparition was silent!

edit: oh you said movies. well theres still lots of other loopholes that were in the movies. In the end of What's Eating Gilbert Grape, how did the kids explain to local law enforcement that they moved the furniture before the house  burned down? In the Dark Knight when joker and his goons take everyone hostage at the party. Then batman jumps out the window to save the chick and magically everything is okay after that. Just on to the next scene. Because apparently none of the other people at the party matter. The whole plot device of Back to the Future 3 involve them trying to get the Delorean time machine up to 88mph because it was out of gas. 

Doc's Delorean is sealed in the mine with an intact gas tank. In Edge of Tomorrow, the only way they would be able to tell that they had lost their ability to start the day over, would have been to have died (and then that would have been the end of that). That one shot at the end of Casablanca when Godzilla kills everyone then eats a cheeseburger. Or in the Dark Knight when the SWAT team is transporting the Joker and the dudes roll up with the rocket launcher and the SWAT guy says "I didn't sign up for this" uhhhhhh yes you did, that is exactly what you signed up for if you're on the SWAT team. What song do they play at sporting events do you wish that they would just retire?  Sandstorm The only songs I hear at sporting events are "We are the Champions" and "We will Rock You". Get some new shit for a change. 'we will rock you'. 

seriously, that was 40 years ago. time to let it go. Ugh...Centuries by FOB...

WE GET IT!! WE WILL REMEMBER YOU!!!! Song#2 blur Our high school always, ALWAYS plays "My songs know what you did in the dark" like three times per soccer game. Gets annoying. EVERYBODY CLAP YOUR HANDS Rock n' Roll Pt. 2 The National Anthem, it sucks, we need to be singing America the Beautiful, not a God Damn British drinking song to a fucked up poem. LGBTQ People of Reddit, what shows up on your gaydar that straight people miss?  Can you specify what you mean? Like if we can tell if others are gay when straight people can't? Hm. For me I when I see flicking of the wrist while talking (I do this a lot) I have a suspicion. How they stand still such as pushing your hips out like females do when they just stand there is another one. Believe it or not your voice is also a give away. It is true that it does not apply to all gay ppl but for a majority it does. We are usually very flirtatious for the same sex we like so that's another hint. I can give more if you'd like. I also just realized this was a reply to another comment so I am gonna copy paste this as another comment. Preppers of Reddit, what specifically are you prepared for that casual preppers and the average pedestrian are not?  I would say home invasion, civil unrest, and bug out for a few days, possibly up to a week if I stretch my resources. It could be a lot better, but I stretch my money between school, music, guns, and other hobbies. Hard core preppers would blow me out of the water, but I have more than enough to make looters/rioters/etc to decide to bother someone else.

Honestly, the fact that you're even thinking about prepping means you're more prepared than the average pedestrian who will lose their mind when their cell phone stops working and the cops stop showing up. Being attacked by a group of Syrian Refugees. It's a real problem here in Brussels. They even raped my friend's sister who has downs. Complete animals here in Belgium. 

Everyone needs to have a Refugee Defense kit. Several WROL situations. Random spontaneous tennis matches. I try to buy things that will be valuable for trade(Lifestraws, toiletries, medical supplies, OTC meds, reading glasses) . Also, really learning about medical care when doctors aren't available. Even disregarding specific rare situations,  what if right now you had to stay in your house for a month and the running water doesn't work?

Do you have food and water? Food you can actually eat without your electricity working? I prep for 3 things
1. A bad winter storm that knocks out the power for days. I have oil heat and no fire place. 
2. Water. We have had the main water pipe to my area break and have no water for 2 days. This is when I learned how toilets work!
3. Food, because we need it and the more the better. 
I am building up to 1 month of food for my wife and me in #10 canned freeze dried mountain house foods, 2 cases of MRE's (for variation and flexibility) and a couple pounds of pasta and bottled pasta sauce. A few extra boxes of oatmeal and cream of wheat in rotation. Also canned meats (spam, ham, tuna)and bread. 
Also have a month of toilet paper on hand at all times. What is the worst/funniest excuse you've made after being caught in the act?  My bad, ill finish embalming him. nothing. you grab the nearest pillow to cover up and turn on the tv as fast as you can. I just needed to moisturize.. I'm not used to this dry heat "My lower back hurts".

I don't even know what that is supposed to mean! It was all I could think of on the spot. "I was cleaning it and it accidentally went off, I swear" [Serious] Who are two living people that should, for public good, for cultural value, or for philosophical interest, be filmed having an honest conversation?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Was this a trap to make someone say Hillary and Donald? I was trying to think of a person who has global influence, but also over many religions -- so, not the Pope or the Dali Lama or someone like that. 

Man, I'm coming up short. I can't even come up with a list of people who the world listens to if it's not a religious leader of some kind. 

So, I dunno.... a child from the middle east who's a part of a family escaping from ISIS.... and telling his story to donald trump? It would be like someone narrating a Kiterunner like story on national TV to someone who has no cultural awareness. I can think of a few off the top of my head, here are two:

- Bernie Sanders and Barack Obama. Not a political debate, nothing like that. Just have them sit down in two comfy chairs and a small audience of college students and chat about the world. Maybe once both are out of office one day. I think the value for watchers would be immense, as well as for historians trying to gauge the perspectives of the time.

- Vladimir Putin and Xi Jingping. Again, imagine they are both out of office and too old to care about the ramifications of what they say. I can't imagine the worldview that exists behind all of the layers of spin before it gets to me (their government, their media, my country's media, etc.). Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking Stephen Fry and the Pope. I thought of another one:

George RR Martin and Louis CK. Both have an interesting, sort of alternative, perspective on the world. It would be interesting to have footage of them sitting down and deconstructing some of the stuff that happens in life in a philosophical way.

Additional thought:

Slavoj Zizek and David Cameron. They'd be a world apart but if they kept it calm and Zizek didn't wander from the topics it would be really interesting. Hawking is brilliant from the practical and theoretical side of things. Musk has the ambitious ideas. An ambitious dreamer (with money) of sorts. Would be interesting to see what ideas they come up with. 
Well it could be interesting..... or just bloody boring. I think a conversation between Vladimir Putin and whoever the current leader of ISIS is, would definitely be worth watching. What was something that was a painstakingly long process but totally worth it in the end?  Brewing. Complicated, fairly delicate, and requiring a lot of time, but at the end you get fermented honey, and that's fucking cool absolutely nothing medical school Doctoral dissertaion. It sounds cheesy as hell, but choosing something both difficult and interesting and then successfuly defending feels great. In the end, the wait for Cleganebowl is going be totally worth it.

G E T H Y P E What US State is the easiest to forget about?  Delaware East Dakota North Dakota Wyoming, nothing seems to ever happen there. Wyoming Montana New Mexico. It's not in Mexico. Whatever state you comment is wrong, because your remembered it. Make a list of all 50. The 50th on the list is your answer. Nebraska Mississippi Any of them that do not have some sort of good sports team. South Dakota I forget. Anything east coast Damn, tip of my tounge.... The one where the people talk funny. It's up north.. Arkansas is pretty good at being forgotten. New Hampshire Wyoming. It doesn't even exist. I'm from Texas. Texans only care about Texas and Louisiana so I have to admit that it doesn't. Sorry :( North Dakota for sure. Just listed them all and the last one I got was Connecticut vermont Any of the states in the middle of the country. What is the weirdest thing you and your SO do with each other?  Play night crawlers We rarely talk but our sex life is great and she's always by my side. I love leftie so much <3 I usually allow her to select any sexual partner or partners she wants. I am then locked in chasity for months on end while she sends me videos. Usually the videos invole her and various well endowned African American Men. 

Other then that she cooks a mean meatloaf. Hbu you guys? I occasionally get bad flare-ups of eczema that cover a lot of my body, and it makes showers super painful. After I grumpily leave the shower, we "hand hug" since the palms of my hands tend to be the only part of me that isn't itching to hell (the eczema affects my hands too, but it's much easier to deal with because the moisturiser doesn't rub off on my clothes).

To hand hug, you go in as if you're going to high five, but keep your hands pressed together and wrap your thumb and pinky around the other's hands. Would recommend. Toe hug. We relax the traditional Jamaican way: A glass of warm milk and good night sleep. Make our stuffed animals have conversations. We never eat dinner...or any meal for that matter at our table. It's just us in our house, so yeah, we choose to eat on our bed, or on the couch. I guess that's the nice thing about being really introverted and not liking people in general. The only company we have to worry about is ourselves. What's something cool youve done, that you wish people were around to see?  I was like 8 and my job was to take the recycling to the bin. I was carrying a large piece of cardboard and a very strong gust of wind lifted me for a split second. No one ever believed me I built a camp in the woods out of scrap. Autofellate while Farting the entire Beatles White Album. My Black Belt test.....not trying to brag or anything. Which dying subreddit would you like to be brought back to life?  Not that it's dying, but I wish more people knew about r/suggestmeabook. 

I find a lot of people go to r/books looking for a book suggestion, and don't look at the sidebar and see there's a huge amount of book related subs available! Who is the creepiest celebrity?  Tom Cruise Jared Fogle Crispin glover Jared Leto Trump James Spader

[a fascinating article on him from Rolling Stone](http://www.rollingstone.com/tv/news/james-spader-the-strangest-man-on-tv-20140421) Jack Nicholson Bob Barker Corey Feldman. Ray Lioda, Anthony Hopkins, Jonathan Banks Doug Hutchison. Look him up, and you'll get it. Steve Buscemi Actual Cannibal Shia LaBeouf. Joe Pesci All the Kar-Trashy-uns ! And their fucked up step dad ! Uh, Marilyn Manson ? Hillary Clinton...that fucking creepy grin. What should everyone do before graduating from high school?  Attend classes Enjoy the last fun, carefree times in their lives lol Learn to read Find their work ethic and do the work necessary to pass. Oh, you know go to a party Thank your teachers for putting up with your shit. Join a club, sport or activity, attend a dance and go to a football, basketball, volleyball any type of game. Read for fun! And keep reading! Also remember to play, hit the swings, find a bouncy house or use sidewalk chalk, it will help release some stress. Plus, you should find a healthy way to de-stress now, for a healthy future!! Shower. Learn how to balance a checkbook, pay bills, taxes, etc. What pre 2000 movie would you like to see made today?  None, it will never live up to it's predecessor I beg of Hollywood to please stop with the remakes. Specifically don't do the Memento remake. Even if Nolan is involved. 2001, space suspense seems to be a popular genre these days The re-re-re-release of Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back. Flight of the navigator. Post-op transsexuals, how do you feel after surgery?  Never been better Pretty normal. Less anxious. More genuine. what was the most difficult choice you had to make in life?  "What is your favourite color?" I've had great success using a magic eight ball to make difficult choices always. I had to sign off life support, my 27 year old sister, my 74 year old mother, and 74 year old father.  Car accident, Cancer, and Heart dease. What retail store are you surprised is still open?  Sears. Not the Sears in the malls but the other Sears, the freestanding ones. Just the most depressing shit ever K-Mart. The one in my town looks like it hasn't seen a facelift since the mid 90's. Never busy either. Battery store. Got to be the shittiest job ever. K-Mart

Source - I work there K Mart.

The one in my hometown still had Playstation ONE games for sale the last time I went in. radio shack, it's mostly cell phones now and the employees always look mortally depressed Kmart K-Mart Video rental stores.

Some still exist; I've seen them. We still have an FYE store in our mall. They sell CDs, DVDs and vinyl albums. And they have iTunes and Google Play gift cards by the register. Big Lots. [This one](http://web-images.chacha.com/images/galleryimage1376944561-feb-16-2012-600x452.jpg). Game Stop JC Penney Gap. Love their stuff but it's had its hay day. K-mart, like, why? K-Marts.  In the very *very* rare instances I go in there the store is always practically empty, it looks like their products haven't been updated in a decade, the shelves are in disarray, and it's impossible to ever find anything. Blockbuster still has operating store fronts in rural Alaska where internet connection isn't always sufficient for watching movies online. Blockbuster, as of now some 40 stores still exist Fry's. the selection is good, but their systems are so dated. At the register I flash back to 1980's KMart. Til blockbuster still has stores and in Alaska where internet is spotty Best Buy. College students of Reddit, what candidate are your peers steering towards?  Clinton. The more vocal people are Trump folks but the majority are Clinton. That's at my college, anyway. How do you be the "life of the party" without being annoying?  Be a highly socially adjusted, interesting person with higher than average life experiences relative your peers to have plenty of interesting stories. I whip out the 5 pound bag of candy (mike and ikes, Gummy Worms, Sour Patch) and bitches are all over you. Make it a one-man/woman/person party I'm not sure those two qualities can be completely separated as they are both matters of opinion. Bring ecstasy to a party of people who like doing ecstasy. What is the one thing you want to experience before you die?  A miraculous and unexpected full recovery 3 chicks at the same time. Shark cage to ride a horse across an open valley at full speed. 

Bucket list. To be loved. An infinite life expectancy What is your job and how much time do you need to kill daily?  IT Executive, generally need to kill 6 hours a day. I'm bored as hell. Hospital pharmacy tech, and anywhere between 1-6 hours out of an 8-hour shift, depending on when I'm scheduled  - the later it gets in the day, the less there is to do. Behavior Analyst working with kids with Autism. I rarely have any time to kill, but also set my own schedule, so I try to make it as efficient as possible so I can go home. (Unless you count snuggle breaks with the kids killing time...I see it as social skill building.) I run a moderately busy restaurant and I wish I could have time to kill :( EMT at a very slow service. I work a 7 day x 24hrs shift. The recent numbers show that we are with patients less than %4 of the time. What is your favorite Bob Dylan song?  Tangled Up In Blue Hurricane, or is that like a goto? All along the watchtower. Like Hendrix cover also Rainy Day Women #12 or #35 Pretty much all of them.  I'm old! Knockin' on the heaven's door Blowing in the Wind. Favorite Bob Dylan song performed by Bob Dylan: Forever Young

Favorite song written by Dylan, performed by someone else: Jimi Hendrix version of Rolling Stone, Wagon Wheel by OCMS if that counts. It's Alright Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) Don't Think Twice, It's Alright Mr. Tambourine Man Lay Lady Lay and Knocking on Heaven's Door It's Alright Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) [Serious] Who is the truly nicest Redditor that you have encountered?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Whoever has given me gold. I've been really helped out twice by a redditor. Once, a guy came to my rescue to take on a few snakes I had come across that were seriously ill and I didn't have the  means to take care of them. (neglected pets)

The second was someone who repeatedly followed up with me several years ago under a different account when I was struggling with addiction. They'd check in with me once a month or so to make sure I was still on track, and to have someone to talk to. /u/fuckswithducks is a pretty rad dude. He gets some shit and handles it all with aplomb. Explains things, takes time to answer questions, generally seems like a nice person. All the redditors who took time out of their day to witchhunt and ban my old account. Real saints. What are some alternatives to a typical office job after college?  Prostitute A trade, like a man. You'll be miserable and never able to retire What do you mean by a typical office job?  Automotive/Mechanical/Chemical/Software Engineer?  Graphics Designer?   Advertising Manager? Auditor? Business Administrator? IT Manager? Risk Manager, Application Programmer? Web Developer? Lawyer? Business Analyst? Property Manager? If you are a good looking girl, head to Las Vegas, be a stripper, and prostitute, then pay off that student loan in just 1 year !  
Honestly, I have met many young girls doing just that. Redditors who are dead, what is life like as a ghost of the afterlife?  I am just dead inside, does that count? You know when you haven't turned a lamp on in a while, there's some dust piled up on it, so when you turn it on and there's that strange fishy smell? It doesn't smell like that, but the air tastes like it.

You ever walk through the woods and notice a small burrow that's been ripped apart by an animal, where you can see where something small used to live but the fox has taken away its home? the feeling you get when you see that is the same feeling you get looking around here.

Have you ever walked alone at night in the city, knowing there's someone behind you? And you're slightly worried that they're following you but you're 99% sure you're just being paranoid? We wake up to that.

What about an autumn snow? When the world is trying to cover itself in the white snow but the brown and red of the leaves still remind you that you're surrounded by the dead? That's how waking up here feels.

What about the sunset in the dead of winter, when the bright orange glow of the sky isn't enough distract you from the chill? Lonely There are tons of amazing musicians who died before their time, so we get to hear all the great music the rest of the world missed out on, as well as the not-so-great stuff that would have been put out during their declining years. Who would have known John Lennon would turn to writing really awful commercial jingles in his fifties and sixties? It sucks, everybody gets bullied by dinosaurs. Spread the word breather those guys were dicks. The WiFi sucks here. It's not all it's cracked up to be, unlike that Patrick Swayze movie. Well let me tell you, hell is kind of warm so make sure you die naked Mainly just ghosting around watching everyone masturbate. OMG!!!! I thought YOU were the ghosts!!! Spooky I dunno.  I'm undead, which is pretty much the same as being alive. I spend most of my time whispering misinformation into the ears of mediums.  The stupider they look, the better I like it. It's very cold here, actually. You'd think as a ghost, not being able to experience any sensation, you wouldn't feel cold, except I froze to death (it's a long story), so the cold seeps into me like nothing else. There's still a thin layer of ice over my skin. It's aching in my bones and I can't get free of it. Sometimes I stand in fireplaces. I don't know if everybody else is as cold as me but I know a friend of mine  (Anne something) complains about the heat. 

Also nobody thinks I'm real. You know how in horror movies people are like, "Hello?" and then they decide that nobody's there? Yeah. If there were really ghosts there I guarantee you they'd be screaming "Hello" back. Nobody wants to be ignored or told that they're not real -- there are so many scientific documentaries on why I can't possibly exist and you know, that kind of gets to a gal. I can communicate via the internet which is fine and everything but nobody here believes I'm real either. 

Just for the record, I am. I had one brother and one sister, and more who never knew me. I died on Mount Llullaillaco. I do not enjoy being a ghost and I don't know why I'm here and I am always, always cold. I don't know how long I've been dead. 

I don't know, it's not a very nice experience. Once you get to the Wall make sure you go through it, 'cause being stuck here is hella boring. Shadowban! It's cool.i can go into more detail....just ^turn^aound....oooo so easy to creep on people and just like

grab their butts, its like a fun cold joke

and they swat at me and cry and beg me to let them move on

oh the fun we haveee I was saying boo-urns Reports of my death were greatly exaggerated. [Everywhere, around every corner](http://i.imgur.com/7O3mTnJ.jpg) Well, at first I didn't realize I was dead. Took me a while.  Most people just seemed to be ignoring me.  But then there was this one kid. He could see me. It's sorta the same but spooky 2spooky4me This makes me sad. I'm 14 and dying of cancer. I'm literally crying right now thinking about how I don't want to die and experience "nothingness." Soccer players of reddit, what made your favourite goalie your favourite?  Back in the 90s it was Jorge Campos, because he was crazy and would run out of goal and try to run up and score.

Honorable mention to San Iker for being San Iker. The guy that blocked that ball that one time What is something people present as a dilemma, but actually isn't one?  Most things involving the internet. Posting 12 times a day to snapchat/Facebook and then complain about being constantly judged by others based on what they posted. There's a very easy solution, you're just an attention whore Anything dealing with the name kardashian, or Jenner For example, the one with the train on the tracks and you decide to either change course and hit one person, or remain on the current track and kill 10 people. The obvious choice is to switch tracks. EITHER WAY YOU ARE MAKING A CHOICE. Pretty much any celebrity drama. Rain, just wear a hood. Jesus Leaving the toilet seat up/down.

Children in Africa are dying, taxes suck, it isn't socially acceptable for men to cry, war happens. We have a lot bigger things to worry about, everyone of any gender has to touch a toilet seat at some point. Get over it. What movie would you rate like maybe 6 or 7 out of 10?  groundhogs day There was some comedy movie called Zack And Miri Make A Porno that I watched back in middle school. Expected it to be like literally the funniest thing ever but it was kinda meh. That's all I remember about it but that will be my answer. Even though it's my guilty pleasure, Pokmon the First Movie. Any Seth Rogen movie Stepbrothers.

Most Marvel movies, they might be closer to an 8, but still not that perfect 10 some people seem to hype them as.

(I'll get flack for this, but) the original Star Wars trilogy. I like them, don't get me wrong. But it's too slow paced for the kind of action-adventure theme it seems to want. Redditors who have "dropped everything" and traveled, what are your experiences?  The best! 

Hard to imagine being on your death bed and wishing you'd seen *less* of the world. It was great since I was 20, had no expenses or job, and the opportunity cost was low. Time of my life. I was so laid back, everyone loved to be around me and I even fell in love. 
12/10 would do it, and *will* do it again. I learned Iraq is a shithole. Why is this such an appealing sentiment to millennials? What is the most misleading, manipulative or otherwise biased "survey" you've taken?  What are the best "well that escalated quickly" moments in cinematic history?  All of No Country For Old Men Pineapple Express. [The box scene in Se7en](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1giVzxyoclE). Kevin Spacey can get it A personal favourite:

https://youtu.be/d_lq2p7-p2Y?t=204 What can you listen to that makes you smarter?  Good advice. Audiobooks. No music is going to make you "smarter". If you mean podcasts, then there are plenty (I assume) I always feel smarter when I listen to Tame Impala. nothing...intelligence is genetic TEDTalks? Nurses of Reddit what's the weirdest reason someone has come to the ER?  I'm an ER doc not a nurse but one time a sweet old lady came in because she was concerned she had a paper cut on her finger.  The skin wasn't even broken.  This lady spent upwards of $400 for me to walk in and discharge her. Which band should make a comeback?  The Beatles The Smiths. Pet Shop Boys My Chemical Romance. Which conspiracy is easiest for you to believe?  The Kennedy assassination had a lot more to it. That the government has actually already made contact with aliens and just hasn't told us. That 9/11 was an inside job and they bombed the Pentagon That there's a group of powerful people controlling world events.

It explains the Trump/Clinton thing. I mean seriously, who prefered Clinton over Sanders?

And the Alien thing is in the process of being told to humanity;

Over the last few years, "They" have discovered liquid water and organic molecules on Mars and other planetary bodies, "They" have found hundreds of non-solar planets in the Goldilocks Zone.

My prediction goes; In the next few years, they're going to find life...bacterial or viral equivalents on Mars - Historic news, but kinda boring to the average person (great, life exists on other planets...as bacteria). Then after a few more years, somethimg more substantial, like fish or trilobites in Europan oceans. (Neat. Fish.) Then, after a few more years pass, proof of intelligent life will be discovered by radio waves. A lot of talk will be had about should we answer, eventually, of course we will. Then radio communication will happen over years, or generations, because of the vast distances, then eventually actual contact will be arranged. There is something they're not telling us about 9/11. I don't know what it is, but it's there. Aliens. And unfortunately I doubt they will ever tell the truth about that. 9/11 was an inside job.

Not that there wasn't any terrorists involved but the government had prior knowledge and let it happen. Similarly, the Turkish coup d'etat attemp in July 15, 2016 was not orchestrated by the government but they had prior knowledge and allowed it to happen to their own advantage What is an effective way to handle chronic dandruff?  Wear a shirt that says "i make it snow". I'm positive no one will misunderstand what you mean If you've tried over the counter products, visit a dermatologist When I was going through some really shitty skin treatment, I used eucalyptus oil and aloe. Aloe helped my scalp and the oil helped my hair look not so dry. Might not work for you, but thats my trick. Use dandruff shampoo.  
Shave and wax your head. My husband has to use the clinical strength head and shoulders. After he washes, he runs a scrubbing brush through his head in the shower to get more of the skin off. There's some pretty decent shampoos at the drugstore. Plus you can do a hair mask, either DIY one or you can also pick these up at most drugstores. Comb through hair regularly to remove loose flakes and so you can tell how often new ones occur to help you determine if anything is helping. Apple Cider vinegar rinse Check out /nopoo.  If you stop shampooing  your hair will balance out the oils in a couple weeks or less typically.  I shower at least one daily and use water and massage my scalp (soap and  loofah on my body) but that's about it for the last decade.  I'll use essential oils sometimes instead of cologne. Honestly Head and Shoulders works really good. I use it as a daily/shampoo conditioner. Talk to your doctor. I've had problems with it for years and I finally talked to a GP. I got the medicated stuff and it's worked great. decapitation What's a something blatantly horrible that you still love anyways?  It's Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday Fried food. Euro dance Redditors around the world, what is considered a "full breakfast" in your country?  US - Bacon with side of sausage and ham. Nothing less than a full pint. 

Whatever beer you like. US here. leftover pizza, hidden hotpockets in the freezer, that one friend that does everyone solid and picks up bacon egg and cheese on bagels for the crew. Australian. Vegemite & butter on a couple pieces of toast is good enough for at least 60% of the kids I knew throughout my schooling years, including myself. At some point the cup of milk I had to go with it changed to a cup of orange juice and then to tea. I still have it as a quick brekkie on the go, or if I'm feeling fancy I'll make myself some sunny-side-up eggs on toast. My ideal "full breakfast" on the fruited plain (which I don't eat every morning - sometimes cereal and coffee is all I get):

3 fried eggs over easy, 4 strips of bacon or 1 ham slice or 2 large sausage links, about a cup of hash browns or home fries with ketchup, a cup of grits or farina, 2 slices of toasted wheat bread or a biscuit or a croissant (buttered), about a tablespoon of jam or jelly or Nutella, about a cup and a half of orange or vegetable juice, 2 cups of coffee with Stevia and half-and-half, salt and pepper to taste. US here. I would say pancakes or waffles, eggs, sausage or bacon, and orange juice, coffee or both. Cashiers or customer service people of Reddit, have you ever told a customer to go f*ck themselves, and why?  What movie is so bad that you can't help but love it?  Dude where's my car. I love it! Zoombies. Similar to zombeavers but in a zoo. With various animals. Kung Pow Grown Ups. Dumb, but fun! Troll 2 is so bad, but then again I have seen it probably 20 times.
It can be hilarious at times especially when you forget how bad it is or watch it with someone for their first viewing.

Like they are always confused by the corn scene. I fucking love birdemic Super Mario Bros. Everything Neil Breen has done, just..... https://youtu.be/mbYexc00n-g "Love" may be a bit of an overstatement, but we have a weird place in our hearts for Food Boy. Ali G in da house You Don't Mess With the Zohan.
Forgive me. Land of the Lost. Any straight to DVD horror movie. Some are so incredibly awful, they are fun to watch. Jupiter Ascending "Solarbabies" is almost incomprehensibly  bad.  I was really disappointed MST3k never had a go at it. the human centipede Well I guess I have terrible taste in movies Sex drive. The unrated version. Zombeavers. It is terrible, like shit production quality, shit acting, just shit everything. It's so bad, that it is funny. What are some horror games that are actually scary without relying on action or shooting?  Amnesia : The Dark Descent. 

Nope... Amnesia the Dark Descent is probably my go to non-shooter non-action game. The only action is not dying. Not a game, but sometimes I'll sit in my basement in the dark with my eyes closed just thinking about scary things. Amnesia: the Dark Descent was terrifying to me. Alien: Isolation...spent most of my play time hiding in lockers Amnesia Penumbra: Overture Clocktower What's it like, day to day, to be a perfectionist?  Sometimes, at the end of the day, my back and neck hurt from slouching over a drawing and trying to make all the lines perfect in my eyes. Slow Unique or boring, where did you meet your SO?  I grew up in West Virginia. My mother is a teacher. One summer, my mother received an invitation to teach at the National Youth Science Camp. 

I was 19. Asked my mom to sign me up if I was allowed to help!

Mom filled out my entire application

I was accepted

Worked at the camp. Loved it. Probably became a teacher because of it.

The 3rd year I was at the camp, I met my SO

She was from Seattle and going to school in Miami

I had never been outside of WV

We started dating

Moved to Denver together after graduating college and going through a year of very-long distance relationship.

We now live in Vermont and have an adorable puppy name [Tolkien](https://imgur.com/a/drjCj)! Plenty of fish dating site. We went for supper, went to his place and watched Futurama then we went for a walk and hung out at this little playground in the park till 2am.

We are still together 5 years later and he proposed to me 2 years ago on that same playground in the park. Through my now ex fianc and his now ex fianc lol eHarmony. Was in a band with a friend.
Became friends with his fianc. I had my own fianc.
They grew apart after having a kid. Mine left me.
She had a crush on me. He hated my guts for a while. Now we are all friends. One big happy family. I filled an open seat in her dads poker game. She walked through the garage and was talking shit to one of his friends about her football team and I was hooked. I knew her sister so I got her number and we started talking. Been married 1 year last week. College. I was in a sorority, he was in a fraternity yada yada. At work. Plenty of Fish! He's the love of my life and I coulndnt be happier! I met my wife at a local Christian retreat for High School aged students. I didn't start dating her until we graduated High School though. Unarguably best show of all time?  Mine would have to be The Office, and for a more recent and ongoing show, it would have to be Archer Breaking bad. Well developed characters, great story, great enemies, great everything. Hands down my favorite show of all time. Breaking Bad Breaking Bad. Obviously The Wire Ed, Edd n Eddy Teletubbies Aqua teen hunger force. And for all the people saying breaking bad, that show is fucking awful. M * A * S * H Although it's very recent...Stranger Things is easily one of the best things I've seen in years. 

I work in TV, so I watch and criticize my fair share of television and nothing has quite surprised me as much as Stranger Things. (Breaking Bad is a close second)

This show was done with love and care, cinematography is gorgeous, the acting (minus the Sheriff in some scenes) was top notch, the story was exciting and incredibly well written, it FELT like the 80s and as a big fan of sci fi, it nailed it. I couldn't stop watching it. Not to mention, genuinely funny in parts and down right terrifying when it needed to be. 

If you have Netflix, WATCH THIS DAMN SHOW Peep Show. No show is unarguably the best. Anyone can argue anything, on any grounds. Game of Thrones TV Series? For me, probably Battlestar Galactica (remake) PRISON BREAK HANDS DOWN! GoT! Seinfeld Home Improvement. The cast was perfect. Funny. Real life issues create the perfect amount of emotion. Most guys couldn't wait to see the next "Man" room on tool time. What a great show. Coupling (the British original, not the crappy American rip-off). Although it only just finished it's second season, Mr. Robot. It's current, it has twists, it's mind bending. It's one of the most original shows I've seen in a long time. Doctors of reddit: How does it feel when a patient you've been talking to dies off?  I'm not a doctor, but my dad is. He doesn't like to talk about it, but he did once say to me that "we, as professionals, have to accept that accidents happen and that we can't save everybody". As an ER doc, I don't typically make very close relationships with patients as we are so busy I'm always running around crazy, so I can only speak from my experience.  Especially in the ER, we feel like we failed because the reason the person in the ED is that they need immediate help and it's our job to provide that.  When we are unable to do our job, it really sucks.  But at the end of the day, there are hundreds of other patients who need treatment so you can't dwell on it.  I typically just say a quick silent prayer for the family as I'm heading to the next patient. Damn, maybe I should brush my teeth. How will you feel if Donald Trump wins the presidential election?  Relieved the blasted election is over.


Funny thing, I'll feel the same way if Hillary wins, too. Like logging in to Facebook to watch the shitshow I'll be glad that the lesser of two evils won the election. drunk on Democrat tears, and I'm not even from the US myself Meh. Hopeful Happy


Also it should be *when* he wins Trump...happy. He'll fix things (deficit, immigration, DOJ/FBI). Only a non-politician can change things. [Like this](http://www.themarysue.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/post-64231-this-is-fine-dog-fire-comic-Im-N7mp.png) I'd feel like stockpiling popcorn. Happy the election is over, then indifferent. Things wont change much, no matter who wins. Happy we avoided the Clintons. Amused in an ironic, trollish sort of way. Cautiously optimistic and hopeful but very skeptical. And just a teeny bit terrified. About the same if the other criminal wins. Amused then terrified Miffed. Kinda scared. Disappointed.  Worried.  Sad. Worried and pissed off. I will feel like people never learn. It is always like "surely this time this one person will be the one to fix everything! They said they would in their campaign"

This isnt a dictatorship and they will always promise you the world to get elected. Do people just have short memories or something? Glad that there was a mix up of the establishment shitshow [deleted] Disappointed.  
When I was younger I thought the electoral college was unnecessary since information was quickly becoming more easily accessible. The rise(autocorrect wants ruse, how fitting) of Trump makes me question if we don't need another layer to keep stupid from voting in dangerous candidates. What species of bird do you think is the prettiest?  Bald eagle, and if you disagree you're a communist sesame chicken. Gouldian finch. Im always impressed with a Tucan's beak Hummingbirds are amazing in every aspect I'm partial to the Rainbow Lorikeet [shoebill](https://haydensanimalfacts.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/shoebill.jpg) Tits & Boobys Male wood duck in breeding plumage Owls. Seriously they are amazing. Any kind of owl. Big bird Also general tso's chicken is really pretty. Reddit: what is the weirdest thing you do that you don't think anyone else does?  My gf is bald by choice and I shave her head for her. I fold my ears into my ear canal I like to lay on my back and roll up into a ball where my feet are above my head (like you'd be if you were attempting to suck your own dick (can't)), then stay like that for a few mins. If allows you to fart for many seconds at a time.
When I stand back up I feel so amazing. 
10/10, would recommend Sometimes I'll wedge my eyelashes into my fingernails and sorta flick my finger to feel the eyelash push under my nail. Strangely very soothing. I put my clothes in the dryer while i'm taking a shower- so they are warm when I come out. What's your best tinder pickup line?  I'm 6'5", white, and I have a beard. Good or bad, what are some of the best Reddit AMAs ever?  [Steve Buscemi](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/302dop/steve_buscemi_ama/) was great. he was interesting and stuff, plus the transcription of his responses was spot-on. you can totally imagine him saying it.

[Judith Rodin](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/2ms26n/i_am_judith_rodin_president_of_the_rockefeller/) was my favorite trainwreck. she is an illuminatus.

i was surprised at how interesting and insightful [Mick Foley](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/2lyxk4/mick_foley_hardcore_santa_ama/) was, while still offering his fans the performance they were expecting.

[Jesse Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/3brf9s/i_am_rev_jesse_jackson_ama/?sort=top) was an epic trainwreck. Victoria got fired the next day. <i just edited this so the link would sort by 'top' - notice how the top several things were deleted.> Broken arms I don't know how to post it but the AMA that Jose Conseco did was hilarious. Hopefully a more knowledgeable Redditor can post it in a comment. /r/amadisasters Ron Jeremy. He just kept saying suck my cock or something along those lines What are some musical artist's whose one hit wonder were actually one of their weaker songs, in you opinion?  Beethoven.

At least in his own mind. He resented a bit that "Fur Elise" was his most well-known work, telling Liszt "surely I've written better." Sex and candy by marcy playground paled in comparison to [Poppies](https://youtu.be/y1jAByECNc0) 

I got a girl by Tripping Daisy is far outshined by [piranha](https://youtu.be/_-JPNvS5yJA) The Pixies, Here Comes Your Man Rehab

The Bartender Song is ok but it's been overplayed. Graffiti the World is a good album with a few really good songs and it came out before the bartender song. Cardigans - Lovefool.  The rest of their catalog is brilliant.... Simple Minds. "Don't You (Forget About Me)" is a good song, but they have a ton of other good songs. Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen is okay but her album from last year, Emotion, is incredible What are some of your favorite urban dictionary slang terms or words and what is their meaning?  Day Beat - to rub one out at work FUPA - Fat Upper Pussy Area What was your worst excuse for breaking up with someone?  I was tired. She wanted to talk. Told her I did not want to continue seeing her so I could go to bed I needed to spend more time studying. My turtle is on fire Reddit, why does everyone on Reddit think they're an expert on everything?  I don't think people think they're experts, so much as they want to present themselves as experts and get cool points for recycling talking points written by other people who may also be or not be experts. Because you can't prove that they just googled the answer We were all like that when we were teens. We just are. Because it's the internet. It isn't limited to Reddit. Been watching the US presidential election? I am a expert on anything. If you have to ask you won't understand https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Ucs_-fQe7I My expert opinion is that people agrees with them so it seems that they are correct. I'm not an expert, but... Redditor here. It because the Internet provides an anonymous unverified veil of douchebaggery. It makes them feel good. Trust me on this, I'm an expert Most people who comment just want to participate and want to feel like they are interacting with people. Lurkers are there for the knowledge or laughs. Once in a while an actual expert will take the time to reply to help people. Because they're one tab away from google or Wikipedia. I'm a genius! I'm a certified Reddit expert and I know that this happens because of this phenomenon known as "copy paste" Millennials are like that What was your worst date you met online?  I met a dude that wanted to take me on a first date, to his mothers house for dinner.  Needless to say I ran like the wind. What college major actually teaches you material that is useful in the real world?  Anything that doesn't end in 'studies'. I firmly believe that every college student should be required to take an intro course in accounting/personal finance, government, common law, stats, and writing. Maybe CS as well. I realize this would be a huge amount of core requirements but really do think these classes all give students important skills that can be used in the real world. Marketing is extremely important for business management and things of that nature. Nursing, medicine, etc. The school of hard knocks, the school of life, the I cant afford to go to back school and had to get a job What would be a better Batman title than The Batman?  Ignore title, and just display the bat signal "Money Grab - The Sequel" Batman vs Godzilla Batman: Dark Knightier The Manbat A Batman, about one of many Batmen in various universes Batman? the namtab Every Which Way but Bats A new "Trans" Hero called "Titman" or "Boobman" Why not fuck up the comics they have everything else ! The Failure What is the best surprise to give your wife?  Pay her student loans Mothers Day anal Step one: Cut a hole in the box. A massage. Or a dinner cooked well, by you. Something that shows a lot of time, effort, and planning went into it. Introduce her to your girlfriend. Married Redditors: How does your childhood "dream guy/girl" stack up to your actual Spouse?  He is not a prince and refuses to give me 8 children and do his hair like Elvis. So he fails. He stacks up pretty goddamn well. I actually had a checklist I'd add to whilst growing up, and he fit everything. My husband kicks dream husbands ass. Real husband is incredible You know that song "Short Skirt/Long Jacket" by Beck? That was my dream girl... motivated, driven, smart as a whip and calculating.

My wife... not so much. She's smart; smarter than me in a lot of ways but, well, lazy. Disorganized. Unmotivated. A housecat, really.

But she is perfect for me in every way that matters; my dreamgirl and I would not have gotten along and it would not have lasted. What do you know about someone that they don't know that you know?  I know my best friend cheated on her husband with a 60 year old guy. that my nephew's bitch wife is pregnant Gay men who think no one knows they're gay. *Everyone knows you're gay!* That an ex-boyfriend of mine hid cameras in his room to watch himself banging people, probably including me. Unfortunately, I found out only after we'd broken up and stopped contacting each other. How much is it true that you love someone truly only once in yourlife?  absolutely not true at all. Not true for me, anyway. I've fallen twice. Nope. You'll get it when you have kids. You can love each one more than the other and all the same at once. Same with SO, you just have to be open to it. I think very true. I don't think that's true at all, but I also believe you can find someone who is for lack of a better term, your soulmate. Not at all true I think ever love is different, and so, you only ever love 'the same' once.
You learn from everyone you love...but my love for my girlfriend at 16 was in no way less 'real' than my love for my long-term SO, just *different.* If World War III occurs what will it be about and who do you think will be involved?  "I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. - Einstein Water, everyone It wont, it would just be a war of pushing nuke launching buttons, it would destroy everything, the days of actual warefare and large scale world wars with actual troops fighting are gone. It would be very short, and I doubt anybody would give a shit what it was about because everybody would be dying of radiation. Middle east for oil. My guess nuclear war by the US, Russia or China Pakistan and Iraq hate each other. It'll be a fucking free for all, like this scene but on a global scale:

https://youtu.be/d_lq2p7-p2Y?t=204 They won't call it World War III and the majority of people won't see it coming Midget fights I think we're already in it.  It's looks a bit different from the last two, but consider that the US has bombed Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, Yemen, Pakistan, Libya and Syria since 9/11 and I'd bet a body part that the list will keep growing.  It's clear that someone profits from war, so if war were to end, the profits would end.  I think 200 years from now people will look back and consider what's going on as a world wide war, just a long, drawn out one that slowly moves across the globe instead of a big one all at once. Putin is preparing Russia for nuclear war as we speak. Forty million Russians are practicing an evacuation drill. Today, Vladimir Putin ended the nuclear waste disposal agreement between our countries citing hostilities by the US government. Can't blame them either, our government has become more belligerent lately since they can practically prove the US is protecting ISIS.

A no fly zone would only protect ISIS, and it would require going to war to enforce. There's one candidate who supports this no fly zone, and it's not Donald Trump I can tell you that much.

Some say WW3 already began, some dates going back as far as 9/11 and as recently as when the Arab spring began. Some say it'll happen within the year or next year, hell, it could begin in a minute and we wouldn't even know it. I think the NSA is just collecting data as we go about our daily lives

I'm pretty sure they know about most of the crime that goes on, before it even happens, but don't want to get involved just yet

This isn't necessarily a conspiracy, because I've worked with 'big data' and I I've seen how powerful it can be, and understand how large of a database the NSA must have...

The NSA will win WW3. 
Then, hopefully, the world can become peaceful, once all crime is known/recorded/able to be traced. What was your 15 minutes of fame?  When I got to a top comment on AskReddit. Attended a ceremony at city hall where a day was named after me. Didn't seem like a big deal at the time but looking back at it now I'm like "hey that's actually pretty neat." Idk what day it was though. Sometime in March I think. My n,n,DMT lab was the first of its kind to be raided in Arkansas, Jonesboro. Was bout 7 years ago.   Pics of lab were on the front page of the Jonesboro sun news paper. Also made the nightly news.  For a couple years people sought out my FB page to give 'mad props'. I did the worm (with a horse head mask on) for a talent show in South Korea. I was there for a short exchange program. 

100% worth it. I was solely on camera during the Penguins Stanley cup game I think on nbc screaming lets go pens this year. All of my friends and family saw me at the game on tv. Best I could do Longer than 15 minutes but I've had a few posts get on the front page of /r/askreddit Redditors raised by sex positive parents, what difference do you see between yourself And friends with conservative parents?  My mom was the one who was sex positive. My dad was not really into talking about it, but he was in the military and deployed often, so she did what she wanted to do - which was talk WAY too much about what sex is like physically, and not nearly enough about the dangers and consequences of not being responsible. There is a balance that can be found, she did not find it. 

My sister and I had sex for the first time on the early side of normal (12 for her, 14 for me), and we had some bad experiences because of it. It gave us some weird hangups. The way she felt about herself shaped our views on sex - mainly that your value as a woman is tied up into how good you are in bed.

Yeah, it was fucked up. 

We also had our first kids young. Not teenage moms, but just barely. 

I don't think I have to say this, but my mom's way was not the right way to be sex positive. Totally skewed. Couple of my conservatively raised friends got accidentally pregos because they were never taught about proper protection. I had a kid before all of them. Some of my friends are super weird about all things sex, and its difficult to talk to them like I do my like-minded, perverted friends. I'm less fascinated/obsessed with sex. My parents were always really open about sex with my siblings and me. They were realistic and never told us we needed to wait until marriage, or brought religion into things. Sex was viewed as normal and natural, but we were also taught to be responsible about it. I don't think it was detrimental to me at all. I had sex for the first time when I was 18 with someone I loved, and I've had 7 partners total (some of whom I regret, but you live and learn). I'm happily married and have a healthy sex life. Some friends whose parents were not as open, or even discouraged sex, have had very different experiences. My best friend from high school waited until she was married at 25 to have sex. They seem to be doing just fine and have two children. I have another friend whose parents taught her that her virginity was "a gift" to be given only to her husband, and that it's very valuable. I don't agree with teaching kids this because it makes them feel like they're worth less once they've had sex. She doesn't like sex, and she and her husband only have sex once or twice a month. She's told me that she has a hard time with it because her parents treated sex like it was something dirty and secret. I'm really glad my own parents were always so positive and open. I've never felt dirty or ashamed because I've been with multiple partners. My parents were all about sex. Even when I didn't want it. I think I turned out fine. Still don't have a girlfriend. Everyone else is married. The concepts of sex as it relates to morality and recreation are practically foreign to my most conservatively raised friends, even into adulthood.

I'm more lenient with my kids as well. (More lenient than my conservative friends with kids... not more lenient than my parents were with me.)

My wife, for example, was completely freaked out when she read some dialogue from a role-playing website my (13-year-old) daughter participates in. There were some "exploratory" parts with lesbianism and general playfulness. I thought she was going to lose it but I talked her down off the cliff. To me it's natural exploration and harmless fun plus, I trust her. I was raised on conservative values and my sex life is pretty out there.. I don't think it has as much to do with how I was raised as much as who I am as a person in my adult life, and things that changed the way I thought as an adult I got in to bed for the first time at 15. Since then I've only slept with one other woman, and I married her, after being engaged to the first for years.

My friends that came from homes where sex wasn't discussed really went crazy with the amount of pussy they had access to, and several of them ended up getting women pregnant, or marrying several times in jsut as many years. I can approach sex casually. Not to say that I have sex with a ton of people (not that there's anything wrong with that), but I've noticed conservative people, especially women, treat sex as if it's something to be ashamed of. Ironically, they're always the ones that cheat on their SO or develop unhealthy sexual habits. My parents were conservative and pretty sex positive.  I don't really see what you are getting at assuming that people can't be pretty conservative and still have an open, healthy dialogue about sexual issues with their kids. What was the best last-second decision you have ever made?  I pulled out. Theres been a few but i will keep it short and entertaining. This is reddit after all.

I would say it would be checking the expiration date on the mushroom soup before i actually ate it. Was waiting for it to heat and happened to see it was more than a year past date. Into the sink with that stuff. Not me but my mom played the messages on the answering machine one of which said that there were high levels of salmonella in mangos in our area as she was cutting a mango. My housemate likes to pour hot oil and grease after cooking into a glass while it cools. I think you can see how that one nearly went down. How does Justin Bieber's fame and popularity compare with Michael Jackson in the 1980s?  Can I just post a bunch of lols? It's not like everybody listens to Justin Bieber like people did MJ back then. There isn't a real comparison yet. Oh fuck me sideways, if anyone tries to put him anywhere *near* Michael's level I'll lose my god damned mind.  

Hyperbole aside, Bieber is a talented kid but he ain't got shit on Michael in his prime. In terms of popularity or talent. *Especially* when you consider that Bieber came up in the age of the Internet and social media. Thriller sold 33 million copies in the US. Bieber's best seller, My World, sold 3.3 million.  That puts it into focus I think.

EDIT: Bad sold 32 million, Dangerous 30 million. Biebs has not sold 30 million worldwide for all his albums added together. I think this is the funniest question I've ever seen on AskReddit. That's like asking who plays basketball better, Michael Jordan or me (5' 6" with zero bball skills). No one will ever come close to Michael Jackson's talent. No comp What would be the worst food to eat while driving?  Soup. I once saw a dude eating corn on the cob in the car. I've been confused ever since. [Cereal](http://i.imgur.com/qenL6vH.gif) Chilidogs. Even in normal conditions it is messy. Ice cream 

It always starts to melt and get all over the place. I know someone who once ate cereal while driving. PhD student in mathematics. F*ckin' genius. But he ate CEREAL while driving, and then complained when it spilled. Spaghetti Spaghetti Ramen Those hot fudge dipped ice cream cones at McDonalds are insanely messy under any circumstances. Ghost peppers.

Granted, they're not that great to eat anywhere. Pomegranate Every fucking chicken in the room. 1 can of chicken noodle soup in a barrel with a short spoon and also there's an octopus in there. Gyro.  Ribs. Oysters Meatball sub Cereal. Lobster or crabs - that would just be madness. Eggs Benedict Pie a la mode. Hamburgers: From the grease of the burger to ketchup and mustard, it could all end up on your hands, your clothes, and the steering wheel. garbage Tostada. Ramen noodles Boneless ribs Fried chicken I used to have to eat lunch while commuting two days a week and would often pack yogurt on those days, which never went well. Also pears and peaches, just too wet. I tried eating tacos in the car yesterday and it was a very bad decision. Live octopus, I'd say you really need to concentrate on what the hell you are doing so you don't get it stuck in your throat.

Then again...if you're eating live animals maybe you deserve to die in a fiery crash. Steamed Blue Crab. Speaking from personal experience, the Arby's franchise is the worst. Never have I farted so much in my sleep while punishing another person's olfactory glands while having the deed reciprocated into my nasal cavity.  

The only comparable experience was a trip to In-N-Out burger years later, but it was less dramatic.  Not sure if it was love or experience, but we made out peace and farted in directions away from each other. Tacos would get messy I think. The Buffalo chicken sandwich Arby's has right now. Once I was driving and went through KFC and got my favorite thing, the mashed potato bowl, you know, with potatoes and gravy and nuggets and cheese. So fucking good. Not safe to eat while driving though. Good thing it was at night and I was just going home because I dropped a lot of gravy on myself. ITT: pour it in a cup.

I love it!! Hard shell tacos. Mmmmmm such a perfect mixture of lettuce and my crotch. Grapefruit. Chili Mom's spaghetti. live cockroaches. they'd go everywhere! Soup Chicken wings If you could ban one question from being reposted to r/AskReddit, what question would it be?  does this look normal to you?

<link to picture of person's spread-wide anus> What's something girls think is cute but isn't anything political This one What are your regrets? depression cases begging you to save them from their problems Any question that uses both the words "ever" and "most" The ones involving questions about "shit" like How was your shit today? What movie would you rate a 10/10? What's the craziest thing you did in High School?  Took a dump in the Tuba.  Made it a Pooba Snuck into my senior prom with no ticket I got into a fight in a police station.  As in a physical fight including someone throwing a chair at me. We called it, Rebecca. I took a tiny bit of food from lunch each day during my junior year and put it in a bottle, just because it looked gross.
Then, before summer, I put it in my locker, that never got cleaned.
Right before I graduated, I forbid the 2 year old food bottle and dumped it out in the principal's office

Because I was a fuckhead-high schooler and thought that was funny Made a boy cut holes in his pocket so I could jerk him off during class. I'm not proud of that. Senior year. Girl's locker room. A very, very enlightening shower with my GF, her sister and a third party. Seroquel. I did a lot of pills my freshman year of highschool...enough that I pretty much have no memory of being in school. I wasn't an addict though. I stopped when ever I wanted and had no withdrawals or cravings for pills. I only did them when I was literally in school, not at home or any where else.

Anyway I took Seroquel one day and I had been sitting and felt fine...then the bell rang. I had to pee between classes and could barely walk to the bathroom and could barely hold myself up while peeing. I was pretty dumb for not checking out what the pills were. I didn't know it was a anti-psychotic. I once emailed a girl I liked when I was in 7th Grade. She was in 8th Grade- and also, she was a cheerleader, popular, and overall extremely beautiful. Me, I was the nerdy, straight edge, quiet kid who talked with a lisp. We had a couple classes together and talked occasionally, but only as friends.

I thought i'd have a chance though. And well, I was just young and interested in girls. So yeah, I emailed her, told her that I liked her, that she was beautiful, nd that i'd love to date her.

Unfortunately, she emailed me back, and said that we were just friends. Nothing else. I was extremely heartbroken, and kinda vowed to never make an attempt to go for girls that were kinda out of my league. What cool seasonal things happen where you live?  Ravens migrate south to where I live during the winter. They are some cool birds. Fall leaves, bugs dying, and better weather. Millions of birds fly up and down the Pacific Flyway. Once every few years, us Brits see that thing you guys call snow. Tornados? Idk if you would call them cool and they don't happen all the time but they do happen. Apple Cider. Why do fantasy and scifi series often lack Asian characters?  You watch western TV and movies, probably US TV and movies.  Asians which include mixed race and people from India to through to Japan and down to Indonesia only make up about 6% of the population.   You just don't see much in the way of Asian characters in general.  Partly due to the numbers and party due to white people sell to broader markets.   It is getting more diverse bit by bit though.  Agents of Shield has 1.5 Asians in the main cast.  Battlestar had a Korean chick.  Firefly (God rest it's soul) was based around the idea that Chinese was the dominant language in the future.  

Anyway, mostly it is because diversity in Hollywood follows money.  Some people will push it for the purpose of diversity, some will push diversity as an angle (like how about an all female cast of....). Are we talking TV or Books here? Do they? I don't watch all that many, but off the top of my head there's George Takei in Star Trek and that guy in Battlestar Galactica. There may even be more than that. Racism? I find Asians present in them ..... but not many Canadians. I imagine it depends on the race and peer circle of the author, honestly.  If you're [x race] you are probably going to primarily write in characters from [x race].  Sort of like how witnesses to crimes are less likely to recognize someone from a race other than their own. It's not racism, just a lack of cultural familiarity. And a lot of the time-honored sci-fi was written either during a more racist era, or in the aftershocks of said racist era. What do you think is only slightly overrated?  Summertime 

Love seeing me a fresh blanket of snow 

Beautiful Dogs

They're cute, but mostly just repetitive nonsense Winter. Fuck I hate winter. I hate being cold. I hate snow. I hate ice, sleet, hail, I just hate everything that has to do with winter.

I'd rather live somewhere that is warm all the time. Sushi What word is always fun to say?  Discombobulate cunt, it just such a hard sounding word Indubitably My favorites are cunt bubble and cock waffle. Serendipitous Fuck Malevolent Phospholipid bilayer Oubliette Antidisestablishmentarianism 

Or 

Conglomerate Fustigate Superfluous Exacerbate Crisp!

Because if you say it reallllllly slowly, you can feel it start in the back of your throat and work its way forward until it explodes out!
Amazing Coagulate Shenanigans. Spanish word: Limpiar.  Shout it like a comic book hero. What is your go to meal to cook?  Pasta, always pasta !  
This is my favorite: Long pasta (spaghetti or fettucini) with olive oil, diced pancetta, kalamata olive or caper, fresh garlic and parmesan. Penne la Tuna Chilli Hamburger Helper. Pasta primavera. Bracciola Steak with smoked gouda risotto and grilled asparagus Crockpot pot roast. Jambalaya What is your favorite meme?  None. I hate memes Pepe AND HIS NAME IS.... The antagonist of the last TV show you watched is now your boyfriend/girlfriend. How screwed are you?  Cottonmouth from Luke Cage. That wouldn't be half bad. Shit ton of money and security I don't think Futurama has an antagonist. Holy fuck I'm gay. Is there bad guys in how i met your mother.?? If barney is counted as bad guys.. then barney it is.. haha.. There's no antagonists in Peppa Pig so I'm still single I guess. Lol. The Borg. What's your proudest moment?  Going on a 7000 mile solo road trip. Made a backwards half court basketball shot to win a game at the buzzer....complete luck, but walked away acting like I knew I made it. Stealing the trump signs out of my neighbors yard How would society be different if there were 100 distinguishable races?  so if there were less races than now? Even more war, intolerance, fear, genocide and tribalism.  Race is a recent (gentically speaking) genetic anomaly that causes no substantial biological differences and we still segregate ourselves (and others) into communities based off of race.  Imagine if there were actual differences between us other than just cultural differences. Maybe we'd care less? What are you addicted to?  Reddit Gambling, cigarettes, alcohol. I'm really glad I never got into drugs, I have a very addictive personality. amphetamines. it's been about 25 hours since i last used. i'm done with it. it's gonna be a heck of a week. Coffee Food. Zzzquil and monster, also nicotine. Lucky I got of the pots Chocolate Pussy Answering questions on online forums sarcastically. Dick In the last few days, what's something you achieved (big or small) that you're proud of and would like to share?  My son said two different sounds in one week: ba-ba and na-na. He is profoundly deaf with a significant language delay, and seeing our intensive therapy efforts yield results is awesome. I moved to Tijuana without knowing anybody here Stealing the trump signs out of my neighbors yard I got new boots, I have never owned a pair this nice. How hot is Margot Robbie on a scale of 1 to 10?  36,6 Celsius degrees, if she is not sick 1000 Never heard of him/her. Probably like a 7 or 8. Average is 5 but you wouldn't be asking if this person weren't pretty hot. 5 i don't know who that is, but +2 for a sexy name. 10000000, she's my bae I am going an 8. 7 She looks exactly like my sister so no. I personally find her to be a 2. What are some impressive small subreddits that need an influx of new users to get the love that they deserve?  r/DogBees Just saying, if you really love a sub, don't advertise it on AskReddit What do you think is in the Hillary Clinton leak tomorrow?  Probably Urea. More Trump lies Nothing.  If they had anything, they would have released it long ago. potato Nudes Healthcare professionals of Reddit: what's the most blatant lie a patient has told you?  When this lady had a HUGE infected abscess on the inside of her elbow, like swollen about 5 centimeters and comes in because she's "not sure why it's there as she's never used IV drugs before" and her drug screen was positive because she ate a poppy seed bagel That's my diagnosis How does VR gaming hold up so far compared to 2d? Are the 15 dollar VR headsets worth trying out? How big of a difference between the cheap ones at Walmart and the Vive?  The $15 VR headsets you mentioned are likely glorified Google cardboard sets for your phone. If some dogs are able to smell cancer in humans, then what does cancer smell like? Do we know?  It's obviously not on our Nasal spectrum Cocaine could you do it by getting an MRI of the dog while its sniffing a person with cancer, a person without cancer and a person who thinks has cancer but dosent. then you have MRI taken of dogs smelling different things and compare the areas of the brain that light up? What's one thing you want to do before you die?  set foot on Mars

:(

damn you 80s kids books...i had so much hope Live Get lost for words at the Grand Canyon Visit Ireland Paint a self portrait. Live Two women at one time Herion Just travel with no set destination, stopping in places to work when I'm short on funds, then taking off again. High functioning people with depression, how?  I've had depression since I was about 9.  At this point, it's just a fact of life.  I have to keep on keeping on. I have a wife and kids to take care of. Some days, their wellbeing through my paycheck is the only thing that gets me out of bed. You either deal with it, or die. The only thing that keeps me going is my parents. If I go I know it would take them too. I'm not that selfish. Also I keep tricking myself into think my life will change when I'm "however old". Because if I stop doing everything I'm currently doing (work, school) I will become anxious about not doing it and will ultimately be more depressed about it in the end. It's a viscous cycle. Keeping in mind that "antibiotic" literally means "against living things", what product would be scariest to see an antibiotic version of?  Salmon Microwave Pizza. Clothing Antibiotic = Pro Choice Which personalities had received (more of) the recognition they duly deserved only after their deaths?  Not necessarily a personality, but Van Gogh only sold one painting while he was alive, to his brother. He died very poor with no success in the art world. Girls, what D size do you prefer?  42 Donut? I like them average sized but the little holes are the bomb too. Bite sized ftw. Deez nutz. Capitalized Really anywhere between 5 and 6.5 inches. I suppose that depends on how big they write. lowercase If you aint packin a footlong sub sandwich get the fuck outta my face Short & thick I prefer small penises.

Penises aren't going anywhere near my body, so I guess it doesn't really matter, though. What college major is overlooked but pays well?  Computer science Someone's looking for advice on a major...lol Salon technicians of Reddit, for those of you who work with waxing or have to get very up close and personal with a client, what's your horror story?  What's something you've pretended to like to go along with everyone else?  Life Mobile Gaming Boys. Affirmative action policies Anything that is posted online that becomes a trend for a short time. I hate social media. Beyonce.......I can lose my mind to Crazy In Love like everyone else but beyond that? I guess I don't understand the hype. Penis inspection day. What are your guys' opinions on the creepy clown sightings?  It's all fun and games till somebody gets scared and double-taps a clown. Sounds kinky I dare one to show up on my lawn, peeping in my windows. That clown is going to have a bad day. I think the clowns without the weapons were sent out as an advertisement campaign for the new "It", but then people joined in and started carrying weapons. The clowns are obviously coming out of hiding to voice how much they hated Rob Zombies new flick '31'. Hype and nonsense. Find a way to scare the clowns, instead of them scaring you. It's a fun fad. What's is the most awkward sexual experience you've had due to somebody seeing you and or another during this act? NSFW  [Serious] What life goal are you most worried about never accomplishing?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Buying a house. It seems impossible to do on one income Having children. I'm turning 40 this year and due to scarring from fibroids I haven't been able to become pregnant. My husband and I would like to adopt, but I'm not sure if we'd fit the criteria. We own our own home (even bought a three bedroom with the hopes of having children one day), but we don't make a lot of money. 
As I get older, life is just seeming to feel meaningless without the ability to pass down our heritage, traditions- hell even just our stuff... Retirement Getting a job im happy with Getting a job im happy with finding a secure job Becoming a millionaire before my parents die. What book have you read more than twice?  Every single Calvin and Hobbes. *When Breath Becomes Air* by Paul Kalanithi.  It truly changed my perspective of life.  It's wonderful and everyone should give it a shot. The outlander series.  Highly recommended A brave new world. The Moon is a Harsh Mistress, by RAH The Hobbit The Shining by Stephen King Straight Man, by Richard Russo. Memorable character humor. So many, but the two I go back to are American Gods by Neil Gaiman and The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams. I reread the Master and Margarita every few years, especially when a new translation comes out Game of Thrones series. 3 times. Always hoping book 6 would come out soon before I forget the characters and main plots of 1 through 5. Dark Angel by David Klass Swiss Family Robinson. I've read it too many times to count. Helter skelter by Vincent bugliosi. His other books aren't as good, but this one is definitely desert island level for me The Periodic Table - Primo Levi

Replay - Ken Grimwood Mine is Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72. I've read it every 4 years during election season for the past 20 years. I can't seem to finish it this time around. What made your nightmare roommate awful?  She would shoot up heroin and smoke cigarettes in the house, then pass out for hours on the couch in the living room. Also her dealer was a weird older guy with only one arm. He was at the house almost every day and would ask me on dates constantly, in front of his girlfriend that was fucked up on benzos. I've lived alone since then :) I sublet from a guy with a cat and a dog, but he'd go weeks without changing the litter box and never walked the dog enough so they both shit regularly on the wall-to-wall carpeting. He cleaned it up more or less immediately every time but there were stains everywhere. He spent all day most days playing the same 3-4 maps on Call of Duty. He told us he got his income from occasional catering gigs but I never actually saw him cook anything.

He had the entire top floor to himself and was subletting three other rooms for $500 each. One day the landlord came by to ask why we were $100 short on the rent - turned out the entire rent on the house was $1600. All that guy had to do was pay $100 a month, keep quiet and none of us would ever have known, but he couldn't even pull that much off.

The silver lining was that we were all month-to-month subletters who hadn't paid deposits so we all just moved out and left him to deal with his own mess with the landlord. His perpetual case of pink eye. Loud video games at all hours of the night. Her overflowing closet She always borrowed my clothes without asking, including my underwear! raging alcoholic. He would invite a girl over for sex while I was away. Then he'd put the slidebolt on the door to keep me out until the middle of the night while the two of them did their thing.

I offered again and again to let him have the space, but just tell me when. He never did. I just got locked out without notice. Made the whole place stink of weed nearly every day, constantly tamper with the fire alarm and escape every fine/punishment that came his way, constantly and obviously habitually stealing my food, oh and he assaulted his girlfriend in the hallway after a party and nearly hit my boyfriend too. What a charmer, eh? He never flushed his dumps Roommate told me upon moving in that she and her bf spend most of their time at his parents acreage. Week after I move in he gets a job in the city and they are both there allllll the time. In this teeny tiny 2 bedroom apt. 

Worst part is they didn't own a tv so when I got home from school they would be sitting there, watching until I went to bed. I just want to play xbox!! They were very charming most of the time but very violent the rest of the time. I've gotten pretty lucky, but my first ever roommate in university had some some folks over the first week of school. He started telling them about that infamous study by Dr. James Watson which states that blacks are less intelligent than whites or Asians. He is Asian. I am black. And I was sitting in the room. I was livid. 

But, in the end, it wasn't malice so much as it was ignorance. He matured over the course of the school year, and ended up being a pretty cool guy. 

Oh, he would also blast his music first thing in the morning when he woke up, and then leave for class with the music still playing, often with one song on repeat. That was aggravating. Dog pooped in floor a lot

Didn't understand why it wasn't acceptable to allow their dog to poop on carpet, as long as they cleaned it up

Dog poop would stay on carpet for days at a time (I didn't leave my room much at this point)

Roommate AND HER S/O WERE MAD AT ME FOR ASKING THEM TO CLEAN IT UP IMMEDIATELY/take dog outside


They also didn't clean their dishes
Went in their room to find a stack of 10+ plates that had ants all over them....... I like reading these threads for 2 reasons:

 1) For the sense of, "At least I've never done anything that bad..."

2) To see if anyone tells a story about me He listened to EMO. Unforgivable. How will you spend your time on the road once you have a Self-Driving Car?  *you know* Sleeping. Getting high and playing video games! I likely never will sex. Betting on my self-driving car beating other self-driving cars off the line. Road head will be so much safer. Playing forza motorsport Masturbate with both hands! Bong hits. I saw a self driving car last night and wanted to test its awareness by crashing into it. Professional clowns of Reddit, with all this bad publicity do you have an alternative job plan? What do you think of people dressing up and scaring other?  They didn't quit that career path when studies showed that there are  no children anywhere who like clowns. I doubt this will change them, either. To givers of Reddit Gold, why?  The comment made me laugh. To show appreciation for something that made me laugh or wrote something clever/poignant. Can someone explain to me what gold is? What kinds of batteries can/could be autoclaved?  Specially ruggedized battery packs made for medical use and the temp/pressures of the autoclave.   

Off the shelf batteries are likely to be too dangerous. What is the first song you can think of?  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ The Sound of Silence. 679 by Fetty Wap because it's on right now Fat Bottom Girls was just on the radio baby got back. Sir Mix-a-Lot. [In The Final from Bowser's Inside Story](https://youtu.be/z6M2xt_Ks4Y) September Nirvana, Smells like Teen Spirit, I also remember when I first built my pc that was also the first song I played to test the speakers [Adieu - Coeur de Pirate.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgM885vDr74) Strangle - Cardboard Crowns The Rock show - blink 182 [no problem](https://youtu.be/XgjIUK_PF6M) Land Down Under Hungry like the wolf Dan deacon, when I was done dying Today's a Rule Britannia sort of day.
---
*When Britain first, at heaven's command*

*Arose, arose, arose from out the azure main*

*Arose, arose from out the azure main*

---

*This was the charter, the charter of the land*

*And god and angels sang this strain*

***RUUUUULE BRITANNIA! BRITANNIA RULE THE WAVES! BRITONS NE-E-E-E-EVER SHAAALL BEEEE SLAAAVES!*** Big Worm by Maxo Kream "Hello" by Lionel Ritchie. I just heard it in a drug store. Devotion to the child rape syndicate by infant annihilator How would you deal with voting in a politically split family?  Voting is kept private. Just accept that other people have a right to their views. I'm a lifelong Republican, I grew up in a house of Democrats. I knew I was a Republican by the time I was 8 years old. At no point did I try to change anyone's mind. Nor did they mine. By voting?  I don't understand the question. Educate them or let them be Make your own decision. You're not voting to make your parents happy. If you're old enough to vote you can make your own decisions, if not, don't vote. It's really that simple In my family it's common knowledge who is going to vote for who, but it's an issue since I'm stuck between the sides and both side thinks I'm going to vote their way. I don't know how I'm going to get out of it without upsetting one side or the other. Just agree to disagree.  For years my parents were this couple...dad republican, mom democrat.  It was always funny to think that they cancelled each other's votes and there some spirited arguments but never got ugly. We don't discuss it. At all. Ever. [Serious] Redditors who have a Samsung Note 7 and and went for a replacement because of the recall, what happened next...?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* [Resubmitted because of a text-box violation]
I got one as a birthday gift the week it came out, when the recall happened, I was put on the wait list for a replacement.
3 weeks later (yesterday), the phone overheated and died mid-use. The retail store has said either that only a few replacements have ever arrived, or none ever (different salesclerks). I'm wondering whether it's even worth it to wait for a replacement (if it won't get here till Christmas), or just switch back to my still-working old smartphone (different carrier) and get a new smartphone sometime next year... What is your opinion on coyotes?  Mostly pity, that damned Roadrunner is evil. Misunderstood on both sides of the love/hate spectrum.

They are precious, sweet little wolvies that will kill anything their size or smaller. I think that is important for ecosystems to have scavengers and predators and I think it's cute that they mate for life because your average coyote has a better relationship history than I do. I used to like them, but there's only so many times a creature can run into a black circle drawn on the side of a cliff thinking it's a tunnel before you lose respect them. Horrible. They make a living by smuggling people across the border in atrocious conditions, usually taking their liberties with women who have no other choice but say yes or get left behind after they have given them all the money they had to make that journey. Lived up in the mountains of Colorado for awhile... if your little fluffy dog or cat was not in before sundown it probably wasn't coming back.

coyotes They attacked and almost killed my favorite dog. I had to rush her to the vet and they put her in emergency surgery. Poor thing had a long recovery and ptsd. So, I'm not all about coyotes. Spelled weird Annoying yappy little things that get into my yard i used to think they were cute but that sound they make at night is unnerving They got me across the Rio Grande. More dangerous than wolves. Good not great. Meep-meep What is the most clever way you can think of to appeal a parking ticket?  Demand to face your accuser.  When the attendant who ticketed you shows up, give him/her a lineup of photographed vehicles, and ask him/her which one they ticketed at the date and time you were ticketed.  If they cannot identify the car ticketed (which, if you present enough possible cars they shouldn't be able to do, just make sure that they can't identify it by license plate), insist that they clearly have no memory of the event and cannot give reliable testimony.

You'll still have to pay the ticket, but only because judges wield unreasonable amounts of power and are kind of dicks.  but don't say that in court. Wow okay cool!However,It was on my colleges campus!so I don't think I have to lie opportunity to go in front of a judge :p I just have to write in my appeal!I parked on the outskirts of campus where there were signs located only at entrances to the parking lots saying no parking!I was actually mislead to think that they were taking about anywhere past the signs,but apparently it includes the street area as well. What film took on completely new meanings after rewatching it for the first time as an adult?  101 dalmatians. She literally wants to skin them to make a clothing like killing elephants for ivory. The Princess Bride. Why did I take that movie seriously as a child? Robin Hood 

Taxation is mother fuckin' theft! The brave little Toaster, depression, rage, loss and sacrifice such a powerful film. Short of parts being removed, what would you say is the most traumatic thing that could happen to someone during sex that started consensually?  Parts being added. Explosive diarrhea Awakening previously repressed memories of child molestation?

Or edgeplay that goes too far. Maybe the dom unknowingly knocks out the sub, then hurts them further before realizing what she/he did because they hear no safeword? read a story bout a dude doing anal and when he pulled out...tapeworm wrapped round him Withdrawing consent and the person keeps going. noticing a one sided mirror broken dinger The old cock'to the bedpost, resulting in a rupture of the tunica albuginea. 

Off to the emergency room for that one.  When the gerbil won't come back out


"Armageddon"!!! Going for the brown eye after taco Tuesday Anal bleeding - no condom Passionately shouting out the wrong person's name. That's gotta sting for everyone involved.

Fun anecdote- an ex boyfriend of mine told me how beautiful our children would be while we were having sex without a condom. Thankfully I was on the pill at the time (Mama didn't raise no fool) but that killed the mood instantly. Between democracy and the well-being of your people, which is least important to you?  Democracy, of course! Perhaps it is because I am not from a democratic country, but I simply do not see the value placed upon it by so many foreigners. A government can be good or bad regardless of how it came to power (revolution, coup, election, etc.), and I will always be happy to be able to live in a non-democratic country with a good, fair government than a democracy rife with corruption and abuse of power. What do you think the first VR moral panic will be about?  there already is one, people are concerned that being able to access virtual reality porn will turn men into bigger rapists. i really don't see the logic behind it though. I think the first big moral outrage will be when somebody decides that he (pretty sure it will be a he) wants to marry a virtual reality girlfriend. Whats was the first YouTuber you ever watched?  Nigahiga Ray William Johnson BlameTruth. Shane Dawson The annoying orange/Fred Star_ Jordan Capri Daxflame Elliott Hulse SMPfilms Nerd cubed, all day every day. What is the best photograph EVER taken?  [V-J Day in Times Square](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/9/95/Legendary_kiss_V%E2%80%93J_day_in_Times_Square_Alfred_Eisenstaedt.jpg/220px-Legendary_kiss_V%E2%80%93J_day_in_Times_Square_Alfred_Eisenstaedt.jpg) Pale blue dot ["Napalm Girl"](http://imgur.com/a/25Ams)  Perfectly captures the horror of war.  

["Hairy Bed Guy"](http://imgur.com/a/ThGE0)   Perfectly captures the horror of, well, everything. Muhammad Ali's phantom punch with Sonny Liston lying in the ring. You have an alternative bank account worth $100,00 saved specifically for time travel. However, you get to go and spend the money in any time period on anything you want. Where would you go and what would you spend your money on (it could be one trip/thing or multiple ones)?  Go back to when apple started and spend it all on stock Go back a few years when bitcoin started up. Buy as much as possible. I would buy $100k of gold, before 1930 I'd go back to that day the lottery was a billion dollars and buy some tickets with the winning number First I'd go get money. Not in stocks and bonds like you lame-os, but the first money. Two millenia and a half before from now, some king in Lydia is paying his troops with round pieces of electrum stamped with the face of a lion. I 'dgo snag a few in mint condition.

Then, I'd go back to the Judaean desert, circa 400 CE, and see if I could convince the Hebrew priests to sell me a few scrolls.

I'd be back to that part of the world a little over 400 years later, to Golgotha. I'd bribe a roman soldier to bring me the nails that were used to crucify that pesky Jewish bandit-king

I'd take a trip to Kyoto during the Samurai era, before isolation begins, and pick up a samurai sword.

Then west, to Europe. A skilled medical provider and midwife is about to be burned at the stake. I can't change history, but before the witch hunter comes for her, I'd buy a small bottle of one of her potions from an apothecary.

Then I'd head to France in the late 1800s, and buy a painting from a struggling artist with a fragile mind and missing ear.

Then I guess I buy tech stock in the 1980's with what I have left, whatever. If anyone is gonna see this: I would honestly buy a lot of toys (Shogun Warriors, The Kenner Star Wars figures, the original 1960's GI Joes, the Kenner Alien, etc,.), watch a lot of films on release day (The Iron Giant, Independence Day, Toy Story, Alien, The Exorcist, Ghostbusters, etc,.), invest in some cheap stocks that would grow over time (IBM, Apple, Nintendo, etc,.), visit some childhood locations (pre-renovation Target, my old Blockbuster, MAYBE my house before we moved, etc,.), and (maybe) buy a sweet car (an early 80's Civic, an early-mid 80's Chevy Cavalier, a Mid-Late 60's Chevy, an old VW Beetle, etc,.)... We can take multiple trips right? I am taking the $100k out and traveling back one day and then depositing it's. The next day I am doing this with $200k, after that $400k, after that $800k, $1.6M on day 5. Quickly I am infinitely wealthy and haven't lost a day of my life. Gamers of Reddit, what game made you give up on preorders and why?  Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3.

I grew to like it, but it wasn't worth the pre-order. WotLK. Wasn't worth it lol in b4 No Man's Sky hate No Man's Sky, it'll be the last time I get burned. What's an acne remedy that actually works?  Washing your face every chance you get. Keep the oil from being on you face for a long time. Deep tissue exfoliation. Free up that gunk Time Gasoline "acne remedy"? I know for a fact through experience that the product Proactive will work. Definitely use witch hazel as an astringent at night before bed and acne can be a hormonal imbalance so try to eat less meat and ask a doc for a scrip if it gets too bothersome.   Most OTC stuff is awful. [Genes](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=_zO2wFkl46g) Not a remedy but some advice. Wash your sheets and pillow sheets. Moisturizer. 
I get breakouts from oily skin, turns out my skin is oily because it constantly thinks it's too dry. I've been using a face oil by Sunday Riley called the UFO oil ($80 a bottle ) but it's amazing! One of my friends had severe acne(like huge zits on his face and all over his chest and back) the entire time we were growing up. He tried everything that people suggested and kept really clean. Nothing helped. Not long ago he went to a dermatologist and found out he had a mild dairy allergy. He cut dairy out of his life, and almost instantly the acne completely went away. 

He told me if I knew/heard of anyone that suffered from bad acne to suggest they see if they have a dairy allergy. If you want to get rid of acne try toothpaste. Cleaning your face Try not being a greasy skinned little punk Turn off your hormones. Rubbing bacon fat on your face helps. Redditors in a relationship, how did you meet your SO?  I met him at a bar. He was playing pool Tinder. Now we are engaged. I consider us the 1% of Tinder. I grew up in West Virginia. My mother is a teacher. One summer, my mother received an invitation to teach at the National Youth Science Camp. 

I was 19. Asked my mom to sign me up if I was allowed to help!

Mom filled out my entire application

I was accepted

Worked at the camp. Loved it. Probably became a teacher because of it.

The 3rd year I was at the camp, I met my SO

She was from Seattle and going to school in Miami

I had never been outside of WV

We started dating

Moved to Denver together after graduating college and going through a year of very-long distance relationship.

We now live in Vermont and have an adorable puppy name [Tolkien](https://imgur.com/a/drjCj)! She was sorority sisters with the girl I was dating at the time. She called my gf (at the time) at 2am needing a ride home because her male friend had gotten so drunk and was a dick who poured two smirnoff ices on her. I though I'd cheer her up and pick her up in a star wars Storm trooper onesie. Her and I became good friends from there and I ended up leaving my terrible gf for her. It was a wild ride. Ok Cupid.  I jumped in with both feet after the divorce.  I wasn't looking for serious and I met some very nice guys but when the sparks finally hit it was undeniable. Okcupid and then a bookstore Dated her roommate first. Now we're engaged. Omegle, but usually I just say "internet" to avoid the awkwardness. How was you day?  I am sitting in a 4-hour night class at my university, and I am 3 hours into it.  So it was good until I went to class. Same shit. Different day I invested in AUPH about 6 months ago, so today was pretty good. Tomorrow may be better! How was your day? Shockingly great! Morning job closed for the day, went shopping, and then an easy day that the afternoon job. Ready to die now What good movie/TV show was ruined for you by a bad character?  HIMYM; Ted is such a fuck Growing Pains ; Luke. he sucked. What was the saddest event in recorded history?  When Justin Bieber was in that car crash with paparazzi but he lived. When Simba was calling for his dead father. Ashlee Simpson's ["performance"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVA51sgBb3I) on Saturday Night Live. John, John saluting his father's casket as it passes by. When Phoenix kills Xavier. Aerith's death in FFVII The Holocaust. Seriously makes me sad anytime I even think about the fear and terror they had to go through every day for years during that time. The birth of the prophet Muhammad and the rise of Islam. What was the most awkward thing that happened at your friend's house?  I accidentally started going out with his sister. He started fucking his girl right next to me on the couch. They thought I was sleeping . My friend and I were in his room playing games on his computer and his mom stormed in the room yelling at him cause he forget to fold his clothes and I was sitting right next to him while she was yelling. I was about 12 or 13, at my friends house one day, when his little sister got in trouble for something. She was around 8 or 9. Mom calls her downstairs and leads her to dad sitting at the kitchen table. Dad proceeds to pull the little girls pants and underwear ALL THE WAY OFF, puts her over his knee and just starts wailing on her little ass. They didn't even care that me and Mikey were standing right there. If Lightsabers Became A Reality, What Would Be The First Thing You'd Cut?  Most likely myself Baguette bread Not myself like you uncoordinated fucks I'd try to extend my saber in front of a mirror. I'm extremely curious My life into pieces. Not my son's hand, I can tell you that! Definitely would shave my butt hair I'd melt my car down to a block, report it stolen, and buy a new one. Probably my own leg off accidentally. Everything within arms reach in the first 2 seconds that I touch it after having a practice swing. Trees. No need for a chainsaw would be great. Butter There's a [giant egg made of circuit boards](http://niltonmaltz.com/images/ddna2.jpg) in the center of downtown Palo Alto, California.

I would slice it open from the top and stick a giant plastic T-Rex partway inside of it, hatching out. Probably my hands.. Or legs.. Or everything in sight if I was handed one the way they do in Star Wars. 

When you hand someone scissors that has never used scissors you say, "be careful, don't cut yourself." 

Not with a lightsaber though. Just let them wing it. Ubisofts potato servers A big farmhouse bloomer loaf: insta-toast! I have a ton of scrap copper and brass that needs to be cleaned and sorted. I have always wanted a lightsaber in my toolbox. the cheese my right hand I wouldn't touch one, personally. I'd probably end up killing myself or someone around me... Steel beams. Hillary Clintons cold heart out her body, then Trumps Everything, by accident, over and over.

No one should give me a lightsaber. Like from my diet? My head off. Unintentionally, of course Vegetables. A fucking house. I would decimate that shit. A bag of garbage, clean in half All the damn overgrown trees in the yard!! A turkey. I don't fucking know, my boss? I would cut right down the center of my 50 inch TV...just to test it out The cars and foundations of houses of the well deserving people ive met. My hands... So I could get a cool bionic one Probably a arm off Bread ITT: people who have never held a knife before Watermelon. No idea why just curious I would go buy a junker car, rig it up right and drive it full speed at my lighsaber and slice it in 2:) I'm clumsy so I would probably drop it and slice my legs/feet off.

There's a damn good reason these things aren't a reality. The first thing I saw that was easily replaced able or unimportant. Walk into market, go to bread aisle, slice up all the bread. Crop circles in fields of corn. I always wanted to do one when I was 14 and with a light saber, it'd be a breeze. I would run around downtown cutting down light poles and trees OP's mom My forskin What's worse to handle with bare hands - hot shit or cold diarrhea?  Hot shit. Best way to describe yourself, OP. By 'cold diarrhea', do you mean cold enough to be solid? Like poop ice?

'Cause then, definitely hot shit. Diarrhea can't be thrown away quickly. 

Source: I've actually thought about this. Cold diarrhea. I hesitate to use this word but, I'm cringing just thinking of it. http://i.imgur.com/Gi3Tn.gif What would you buy wit about tree-fiddy?  your mom a snickers bar and a bag of nacho cheese doritos. Best food combo ever... A pint! Weeeeed A latte. LNM ! Well hold on one minute... ya, That's what I thought, u/organizedfellow is not a redditor but a 4 story tall crustacean from the paleolithic era! I would pay off my university bill. I'm not sure since I have no idea what the value of tree fiddy is. Id get that dam lochness monster to go away goddammit How can we get more pictures and videos of Donald Trump interacting with animals?  more? you mean we already have at least one? link? The video with him and the bald eagle is perfect in every way. What was the most awkward situation you encountered in high school?  8th grade, I farted while doing sit ups in PE.  Everyone had to do 20, I was fat, so I was last to finish.  Everyone was watching.  It echoed. Walking in on a guy in the bathroom crying and staring at a girl's student ID stuck to the wall in shit. I was a lifeguard in my senior year. I was changing into my bathing suit before my shift and the previous guard apparently hadn't locked the 2nd door and my male boss walked in on me and got a full frontal view. A kid with a mental disorder. He would shit his pants and wouldn't know it. 

Everyone else knew it...and smelled it. What will be the next sticky megathread?  Donald Trump drops out of Presidential race. Something relating to the 2016 USA elections. VP debates tomorrow What was/is way ahead it's time?  Parachute pants. the flux capacitor. Rebook Pumps shoes ! Tesla What movie would you recommend to cheer someone up?  I love to watch the Lion King when I'm sad Super Troopers. Schindlers List Dumb and Dumber. *Little Giants*.    
For me, it's just one of the most downright *fun* movies out there. Bridesmaids Cheech & Chong - Up In Smoke Office Space Amelie. The lyrics of the last song you listened to is how your next day will play out. How screwed are you?  I'm telling my mom I just killed someone and she should carry on without me. Annie's twelve years old, in two more she'll be a whore.. Somebody's going to sing me to sleep. I guess I'll just sleep all day Safe and Sound =) King of the World by Weezer. I'm good. ooh, bad news:

And what do you do when

Your man kills himself and

How do I make friends now

And where is my mom

I need to show her that

She taught me

And please let me

Die an instant death At least I won't know the murderer and psychopath sitting next to me... WC Jack and the Beanstalk so I guess a lot of gang activity Non-existent. I was listening to bagpipes. Dans la mer

I'll go down

go down where

I belong. Looks like I am looking for a nice boi to hook up with, thanks PWR BTTM. I hope my wife doesn't mind too much. I listened to country on the way to work so... my dog is gonna die, my truck is broken down and my SO has just dumped me. Oh, can't forget... I'm drunk. Brutality becomes my appetite 
Violence is now a way of life 
The sledge is my tool to torture
As it pounds down on your forehead Oh baby, baby its a wild world... it's hard to get by just upon a smile. Turns out Im either a rap god or Im going to get shot by a raygun from the future If you were running for president, instead of a wall, what one thing would you promise to build?  Dispensaries of the weed variety I'd build a precedence of obedience to the boundaries placed on government by the Constitution. A statue of "the Rock" I'd build a moat My own theme park, with blackjack, and hookers. I'd create a populous system where the public can vote directly on bills, and where a majority could veto or override any acts of legislation. 

To do this I would need to change the way in which the USA votes. Voter registration should be easier and accessible online. In 2016 users should be able to vote using their smartphones and computers. When you register to vote using an electronic device, you must use two-factor authentication (Password and registered token, fingerprint on smartphone, password and text to registered phone number, etc) or via an encrypted key pair---such as PGP

That's just one of my ideas. Future president 2028 Infrastructure. Rebuild, in point of fact.  My platform would be 'fix what we've already got,' and I'd pour money into road repair, bridge repair, damn repair.

Actually, my platform would probably be more along the lines of 'Vote for the most boring president ever!'

But I'd also have bumper stickers that said 'fix what we've already got!' it will be required that Taco Bell has to be on every street Id build a wall...
Wait you said other than a wall...
Well that was my only policy, so i guess youre
WRONG Nuclear power plants. First a minefield, then a huge swamp filled with crocodiles, then a huge pit full of pungi sticks then a line of .50 machine guns...... Free wifi terminals on every street light Nuclear Death Robots. A grow room in the White House.

Some had basketball courts..
Some had bowling alleys..
I will have a grow room. [deleted] Married people, how often do you do cute things for your spouse?  I slap her ass every time I walk by. Does that count? I like to pack my husband's lunch a couple of times a week and include cute notes. Ugh, not enough. Thanks for the reminder. What is a funny poem you know?  A young engine driver named Hunt

Who was given an engine to shunt

Saw the runaway truck

And by shouting out "Duck!"

Saved the life of the driver in front. There once was a man from Peru
Who dreamed he was eating his shoe
He woke with a fright 
In the middle of the night
To find that his dream had come true Roses are red,

Violets are blue, 

Some poems rhyme,

Some don't. There once was a man from Nantucket, 

Who's dick was so long he could suck it. 

He said with a grin, 

as he wiped of his chin, 

If my ear was a cunt, I could fuck it! Sluts! Sluts! I fuck sluts! 
Sluts get fucked when I fuck sluts!
No ifs, ands, and/or buts!
I fuck sluts! I fuck sluts! 

Nice girls are nice, but no good for nut-sucking. 
They'll need a serene night to green-light a butt-fucking,
but that'll be easy with sleazy ol' slut-fucking! 
Boo to the nice girls! Praise be to slut-fucking!

I have a list. A list? Yes, a list of all the sluts I've missed. 
I've never fucked or sucked these sluts and thus my nuts are fucking pissed. 
So when I fuck the lucky slut, my nut removes her from the list---
another dumb cumbucket struck from my nut-sucking, 
"suck it, slut!" slut-fucking bucket list. 

Sluts can be white, brown, pink, or almond.
They can be skinny with big tits or skinny with small ones.
Sluts can be perky, preppy, or posh,
with their brains and their clothes all shrunk from the wash. 

But other sluts are pretty and funny and smart. 
They can lift your thoughts from your dick to your heart.
They can talk about science, music, or art. 
They can put you together or pull you apart. 

But don't trust these sluts! Don't! Don't you dare! 
They'll force you to trust them and love them and care. 
And then they'll be gone and then you'll be aware
of that hole in your heart that that dumb slut left there. roses are red,
pickles are green,
i like your legs, 
and whats in between. It rains on all the good 

And all of the bad fellas

But mostly on the good

The bad stole their umbrellas "It's a genuine anteater!" the pet man told my dad.
Turns out it was an aunt-eater
And now my uncle's mad.
-Shel Silverstein Roses are red,
Weed is green,
I'm moving to Colorado 
If you know what I mean. Alas, I have only written the final stanza:

> And my penis, ever lusting, still is thrusting, still is thrusting

> Down your throat a most disgusting load of cum fit for a whore,

> And your cunt has all the seeming of a nympho that's been creaming,

> And my dick absorbs your screaming that you'd like to have some more;

> And the shaft that pounds your anus dripping lube upon the floor

> Shall be flaccidnevermore! One I saw as a child in a bathroom stall that has stuck with me 


Some come here to sit and think, 

Others come to sit and stink. 

I've come here to drop my load,

Wipe my ass and hit the road. Roses are red,

Violets are blue,

RYUU GA WAGA TEKI WO KURAU! One Ring to wrap the dick,

One Ring to strengthen,

One Ring to make it thick

And in the darkness lengthen

In the pants of Mordor, where the privates lie. Redditors who were straight edge for life in the early 2000s, how's it going now?  I'm drunk and covered in tattoos. Didn't get my "edge" XXXs done, thank god. I have a crippinling opiod addiction Recovering addict. Fell off the wagon aboout 2006 and got back to AA a couple years ago. For those unfamiliar, here are some highlights form [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Straight_edge)  

>Straight edge (sometimes abbreviated sXe or signified XXX or X) is a subculture of hardcore punk whose adherents refrain from using alcohol, tobacco and other recreational drugs, in reaction to the excesses of punk subculture.[1][2] For some, this extends to refraining from engaging in promiscuous sex, following a vegetarian or vegan diet, and/or not using caffeine, nicotine, or prescription drugs.

>The letter X is the most known symbol of straight edge, and is sometimes worn as a marking on the back of both hands, though it can be displayed on other body parts as well. Some followers of straight edge have also incorporated the symbol into clothing and pins.

>By the beginning of the 2000s, only small groups of militant straight edge individuals remained.[14] Contrary to news reports that portrayed straight edge as a gang,[44][45] several studies have shown that straight edge individuals as a whole are mostly peaceful people.[46] In the 2000s, there was a growing amount of tolerance of people who do not follow the straight edge lifestyle by straight edge individuals. Good because in 2000's I turned 7.  So I had to be straight edge because you know I was living with my parents.  Now it is great, because I am now 23 and am still "living" with my parents as I am still in school and don't have my own place. What's a topic you feel you have nobody to talk with?  My loneliness. How sick I am of Marvel movies. Do we really need so many so often? Why can't we make something that makes you think? How absolutely slave-like and toxic our society's work culture is. Dreams.

I have really bizarre, random, horrific, sometimes seriously fucked up, but extremely vivid dreams. 

Often it would take me over hour just to wrap my own head around what the hell I just experienced, let alone someone else. I just don't think there's anyone on this planet that I can think of that I would be able to keep the attention span (and sanity) of long enough to explain. My mental health How awesome it feels being one of the only child free people I know. My fetish Star Wars

Strangely enough, none of my friends are that into it. I tell everyone my mom died in a car accident when I was 11 but she committed suicide. My fiance knows. That's it. My rabid love for True Detective Season 2. So I just look for any excuse to post about it, in mildly related topics. 

On an unrelated note to my unrelated note, Nick Cave's new album is really good. I'll talk about that if anyone wants to.

EDIT: related to Nick Cave (he's a frequent collaborator): [Shilpa Ray deserves](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XB8qngw9pQ0) [much more recognition.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4Aftk-Gl9k&feature=youtu.be) Health and depression. I'm 20, living alone, running a company, and have no fucking idea what I'm doing. 



Someone help w/o charging consultant fees please lol Everything that's been going on with me for about a year now. I've been pretty unhappy for a while. I haven't really felt like myself either. Tbh figuring out my sexuality. As a guy in a small town, where 90% of the male population is publicly very straight, and pretty commonly homophobic, it's pretty hard In real life? Futurism and artificial intelligence. My capstone project for my math degree but none of my friends can do math. My belief in The Law of Attraction. Gaming and making youtube videos.

I have always wanted to make a gaming youtube channel but no one I know is into gaming and I struggle to keep talking without being able to play off someone else. I have tried and I can somewhat but I struggle keeping it fresh and interesting alone.

Basically I want more geeky friends to talk to on camera about games. Makeup and nail polish. 
No one in my real life matches my love for beauty products. My SO will listen but doesn't actually give a shit (not that I expect him to). Just gets lonely when I occasionally talk to "professionals" and they don't even share my passion. Just about everything I don't really have any real friends. I want to talk sex and weird shit with people but the people I do have aren't comfortable with it. They always change the subject. My inner thoughts of picking up some co-workers and growing them through windows. It goes way deeper than that. I'll stop there. That I'm the Messiah. Or I'm not. I won't find out for ~ 80 days. Pretty darn sure that I am but every day I think more and more that this is just not possible. But I'm just so tired of all of the "toiling" of my soul. It's been nonstop for about 6 years now. Writer's block.

I just went a year without writing a song. I've never done that before. It's worse than going a year without sex. Hell, it's worse than five years without sex. Fungus, chain mail, and Star Trek. (I know there's trekkies everywhere. I just don't have any friends who are trekkies.)

Mostly fungus. You wouldn't believe the glazed-over look people get when I'm trying to explain to them HOW FUCKING COOL cordyceps is and what it could potentially mean for the future of the extermination of certain horrible pests (like bed bugs, you guys). They penetrate the buggies' stupid ugly little cuticles, and then start growing inside its hateful little body like a little fungal chestburster. I don't know if this is true of all the strains, but it does something to the bugs' brains and makes them climb up to a high place, so that when they die and the chestburster fungus pops out of them, the fungus is like "MERRY DEATH CHRISTMAS, ASSHOLES" and it spreads spores all over the place so it can kill more bugs.

Holy shit I love fungus. Not really no one as there are plenty of online discussions but im into black metal and I don't think ive ever discussed it in real life. My friends know im into It and get a kick out of hearing about some of the history of it but I have never met someone who is into it too. Honestly? ....everything.

But most of all, my favorite things: Space, movies, movies about space, movies in general, nutrition/diet, Skyrim. 

But yeah, everything. My cat is dying from lymphoma. No one cares. Except my mom I guess but she sort of is forced to care by virtue of her being my mom. I'd like to make friends. I have a buddy that made a friend 10 years ago on Wow and he just got back from going to that dude's wedding in Australia. Quite a cool thing if you ask me. I'm just terrible at making friends. Strictly speaking face-to-face, professional wrestling.  I hang out over at /r/Squaredcircle but it'd still be nice to have some people I knew personally to watch the PPV's with on occasion. Male in high school - most of my peers love to talk about sexual happenstances & party related stories. While I regard these individuals as some of my really good friends, I wish I had more companions around my age to discuss quantum physics, philosophy, psychology, and many other abstract thoughts I have floating around in the noggin. Conspiracy's. People who make up "life stories" for their pets, what are your stories?  Rosie's earliest memory is taking shelter in the shade from the base of the Pyramids of Gisa. She is a refined, intelligent old bitch who has witnessed the rise and fall of several empires. Her favorite memory is when she helped to storm the Bastille.

Hector is much younger. He came over to America on the same boat as his auntie Rose when he was just a pupper. He grew up in America, and acquired a taste for homemade gin during the Prohibition. Now, he works as a bartender at a doggo bar where they use only Francs (they used to use Euros, but luckily switched before the Brexit). When we aren't paying attention, our labrador dons a monocle and researches the scientific mysteries of the world. What's the best commercial you've seen?  Slap Chop ! I think the Burger King commercial where the king is in bed with the guy with a breakfast sandwich was golden.

And IIRC Kmart had the "I shipped my bed, I shipped my pants" commercial was great. It sounded like they were all pooping themselves. Poop jokes always make me laugh. It was a bed commercial. There was your mom and there was your dad.

They were lying on bed together, when suddenly the camera cuts to the floor, that's shaking with erotic noises in the background.

The narrator says: "Best beds. They'll make the mood'' and cut to black. [There can only be one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCwn1NTK-50) https://youtu.be/8zhkMcEEm0c Geico. R. Lee Ermey. Does a former drill sergeant make a terrible therapist? It has to be the Reebok commercials with Terry Tate the Office Linebacker what movie genres do you think will be dead in the 2020s?  I think by the end of the 2020s, the comic book/superhero movies will have finally died out. The cheaply made scary movie esque parodies None of them.  Maybe sub genres , but 2020 is only three years away.  I dont think that too much is going to change in three years when it comes to movies. Shakey cam horror seems to be on it's way out What is the cringiest AMA you have encountered?  What three things would work in place of rock paper scissors?  Fire, water and wood. Bulbasaur Charmander Squirtle Mace, shield, gun Buddy, Guy, Friend. Given how ludicrous the concept of 'paper wraps stone' is as a means of winning a fight I think literally any three things will suffice.  

Helicopter flies over breast implants.  

Cheese smells in the presence of snorkel. Gorilla, Man, Gun

Gorilla beats the man
Man beats the gun
Gun beats the gorilla Jan, Ken and Pon. Knife gun bomb Penis, vagina, baseball bat Shotgun, mbr, sniper. God, Satan, Humans Volcano, Black Magic, Jazz hands. Nothing beats jazz hands Shotgun, mbr, sniper. You can make any celebrity guest star on any TV show. Who is it and what show do you put them on?  Donald Trump on Fear Factor so I can watch that motherfucker shit himself Jonah Hill on Wipeout Donald Trump on the Price is Right Bella Thorne on Wheel of Fortune Ghost on SNL as both musical and host. Why have most suburban streets turned into parking lots? Doesn't anyone have driveways or garages anymore ?  More people living in homes. More cars per home. Great question. In my neighborhood you can barely squeeze down the street because cars line both sides and the neighborhood was built before each home had 5 cars so the street isn't wide enough for that and every single driveway is empty. Makes no sense to me. I've always assumed the parents parked their cars in the garage and made their kids park in the street. Context? You must be joking? A lot of people I know just use their garage as storage space. There isn't a while lot of car culture anymore and that's caused a lot of people to care a little less about theirs. Enough less to leave it in the street or driveway. What joke would you rate 0/10?  What the worst dog in the world? The wiener dog ! What's brown & sticky? A stick OPs sex life Harambe Why did the brown sauce lose the race? Because he couldn't ketchup.... Chicken crossing jokes, they're as immature as knock knock jokes but without punchlines Well I met your mom once. What is the easiest food to prepare for a college student?  Ramen Baked potato Sandwiches are great. Preparation is short, dishes are minimal, and the variety goes on and on Chicken, rice and steamed veggies Canned soup is my lazy go to Sandwiches are great. Preparation is short, dishes are minimal, and the variety goes on and on Bread What TV shows should of never canceled?  Futurama all of the times it was cancelled Arrested Development (pre-netflix reboot). Freaks and geeks Freaks & Geeks. Rome Happy Endings Obligatory: Firefly. My name is Earl. Xfiles How to make it in America Happy Endings, it was too soon :( Teen Titans Heroes, or Young Justice! Terra Nova! Young justice and chuck...or at least make the chuck movie Jericho The River, the only good horror tv show imo. Most Nick and Cartoon Network shows What do you put on a resume for a position at a smoke shop? what kind of skills or knowledge are they looking for?  **Attention!** If you plan to give examples of a bad/inappropriate email address on a resume, **do not post an email address - even if it's obviously fake**, rather use something like "[childish email here]", otherwise your comment will not be seen.

We do not allow any type of personal information, even if it's supposed to be fake. See rule #4 for more details, thanks!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Mostly a lot of the things that come along with retail jobs. Keeping things clean, good customer service, product knowledge, opening and closing duties, pos/pop system knowledge are all probably good things to include if you have them. They want you to know how to use a register and not be a socially inept person. Knowing how to build mods is almost always a necessity. My friends dared me to apply at a smoke shop.

Having never smoked in my life, the guy looked at me like he was very confused....or maybe he was just stoned Tell them you're a busy body and you like to keep things clean, dust free and smelling nice. You also enjoy engaging customers over the products being sold and related topics. Oh, and you have a thick skin so jerks don't really bother you. "I enjoy giving people cancer and selling bongs to high school kids" 

Those shops need to be shut down What is NOT a fact, but you can make sound like one?  The moon doesn't exist. I have many things to back this up, but lets just go with one: Tides. 

The tide myth is one of the oldest and most absurd lies that the Lunar establishment has tried to push on a gullible world.  Do they really expect us to believe that the moon - an object that allegedly resides at an average distance of 240,000 miles from the earth - has the power, from that distance, to lift how many billions of cubic meters of water?

Do an experiment: take a rubber ball and suspend it above a bathtub full of water.  Now slowly move the ball closer to the water.  Does the level of the water change?  Not even slightly.  So much for the tides myth.

The clouds are considerably closer to the moon, and much lighter than the oceans.  One would imagine that if the moon had the power to raise the oceans, this same force would cause the clouds to go flying into space, yet this does not happen.  This proves that the tides story is physically impossible.

Real scientists are busy researching the TRUE causes of the tides.  But until their findings are made public, we can take this as merely another pseudo-scientific moon myth, shattered by the scholarship of revisionists. Steve Buscemi did 9/11 When an ice fishing hole has been abandoned, a polar bear will often wait by the side of it in order to catch fish that surface. They often cover their large black noses with their paws so that the fish cannot see them waiting on the ice. All horses are inbred. The word Hammerform refers to a musical scale containing 2 sharps and 3 flats. 78% of air is composed of Nitrogen. If this number was only 1% less, the current human race would have an average height of 6'10 due to gravity having less of a pull on our bodies. The decreased Nitrogen level would have also affected the human vocal chords in a manner which would have resulted in far deeper voices as a species. Shaving makes your hair grow back thicker. Studies show that over 40% of all Speed Camera warning signs are false. This same question was literally posted less than 24hrs ago. Your question makes no sense. 83% of statistics are made up on the spot The MMR vaccine causes autism and gastrointestinal problems in young children. There are 6 experts on nuclear weapons who convene to direct the president whether or not to launch any of the arsenal, and where to direct it. At any one time, they must be in at least 4 different states. Nurses of Reddit, what are your stories?  Not a nurse, but I watched this happen. A kid at school cut open his head and the nurse started yelling "oh my god, oh my god! What do I do?!" I grabbed a glove and some gauze and put pressure on that shit. The kid needed stitches. I've never met such an incompetent nurse. Every other nurse is fucking awesome. Not this one. What made the best sex you've ever had the best?  Fresh batteries. the sex The best sex is always sex you shouldn't be having. The amount of time since we'd last had a chance to have completely uninhibited sex.

And the fact that she was pregnant and insanely horny. my penis. The woman I was with *really* knew how to fuck and was uninhibited as hell. He fingered me for like 45 fucking minutes before we actually fucked. Mmmmph<3 No condom It was in her ass. i'll let you know when it happens Her age Everyone in the house was away and we got to be as loud and carefree as we liked! My boyfriend at the time ( now Husband ) and I were at that time in a long distance relationship because we lived 300 miles apart. We had not had sex with each other up until this point.

We arranged for him to come and stay with me for two weeks and that first night he got there we went to bed and did everything except sex. We just kissed, touched, tasted, did oral on each other, got each other almost to the point of no return. This went on for a few hours until we couldn't take any more. That is when he told me he forgot the condoms he said he would bring.

We practically sprinted the two miles to the nearest shop that was still open, got back to my place and had the best sex of my life.

Something about building up the entire night then having to wait just that little longer. Wanting him. Craving him for months then when he was there in front of me I couldn't have him. It was 6am when we finally fell asleep. Alcohol. But alcohol is a fickle mistress.  It won't make bad sex good, it can make good sex bad, and it can make inadvisable  sex happen. However, in liberal moderation, with a partner you love or are at least very very comfortable with.  The lowered inhibitions, increased drive, moderate boost to staying power, and over all feeling good can make for some incredible sex. Long distance relationship going a month or two apart at a time, mixed with a love I hadn't felt and knowing what each other liked. We came at the same time and that was pretty amazing When Op's sister joined in the fun with OP's Mum. He isn't a normally rough kinda guy but this particular time I went to crawl up on to the bed and he grabbed my ankles and pulled. I fell flat on the bed, ass over the edge, and he then pressed my head (not hard) down into the bed. He continued being aggressive the whole time but never hurting me, it actually had my giggling and blushing like crazy. It was just rough enough to be fun, new, and unexpected. What are some obvious signs of having ADHD?  Oh, Jesus. Here comes the circljerk. * You can't find your phone in the morning. You find your phone, then look for your keys. You find your keys, and now you're wondering where you put your phone while you look for your keys.

 * You can barely focus on work for 15 minutes but you can play video games (or browse reddit) for eight hours straight.

 * Your desk looks like it had a stack of papers dumped on it by a tornado.

 * You're not totally sure which one of the flat surfaces in your room actually functions as your desk.

 *  You're always running late for everything, also on everything. In America, everything is a sign you have ADD.

In France, nothing is a sign you have ADD. One of the most obvious tells in me is how I just randomly sto Believe it or not, I've found that most people with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder also tend to have ADHD. Just my own theory tho You enjoy reddit Watching a movie and suddenly hearing everyone else laugh, then realising you were completely zoned out and have no idea what the joke was.

Constantly checking your watch and estimating how much longer the movie is on for so you can go do something else, even if you're enjoying the movie.

Being asked about the movie, and despite enjoying it, you can't remember anything other than the basic plot. No character names, no specific scenes; it's all a blur. You can look up the diagnostic criteria by googling "attention deficit" and "DSM-V" How did advice you've received from your fellow redditors make you a better human?  "If someone wants to break up with you, let them."

Seems so incredibly obvious now, but reading these words while in the middle of a difficult breakup made all the difference to me. "No matter how big the plate in front of you the only way to finish it is one bite at a time." What are your greatest pieces of wisdom?  Life's a garden, dig it [deleted] Don't be a dick DO IT! The ends justify the means as long as the means were necessary and not just expedient. Most people believe most in self preservation. So no matter how much you try for someone else, most people won't even give a fraction of a shit about what your problems are. You get out of life what you put in Travel far and often Read a lot. Listen when successful people talk about their area of expertise. Don't drink soft drinks. The miracle was never that you finished, it was that you started. N + all the crap in life = a good life.  Solve for N. Everyone you ever talk to will know something you don't. Peace comes when you stop hoping for a better past. Wish I knew the original OP, but I don't.

10 things that require zero talent:
Being on time  
Work ethic  
Effort  
Body language  
Energy  
Attitude  
Passion  
Being coachable  
Doing extra  
Being prepared  

I wish 22 year old me lived by these when I graduated college. Don't be sad that it's over. Be glad that it happened. When you are torn between 2 choices, always pick the one that will make the best story dont shit where you eat

dont lend money I have two, first from my counselor and second from my mom. 
"people do the best they know how" and "people change their minds" these are so great in accepting and understanding others and yourself. Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put them in a fruit salad.      
-No Idea Got this from an old manager of mine:

"Treat every job like its your career until you find a new career."

That shit has taken me FAR, let me tell you. 

Thanks Ahmed! Failure is never quite as frightening as regret. Can confirm - it's fucking true. Question everything. 

Seeing everything in black-and-white isn't advisable.

Don't be a doormat/don't let people walk all over you. If the web was a neighbourhood, which sites would be iconic places and how do you imagine them?  Awsome descriptions are welcomed. What're the best free resources for learning to play an instrument?  Youtube Lock yourself in a room for a couple days with some water and baked beans and a guitar. Songsterr.com is good for guitar. You get what you pay for. Keep a pro musician working and take some real lessons; you'll devellop proper technique and better ability that way. What is there a BIG difference between?  Being sad & being depressed Six and seven inches. A true black lives matter activist and racists wanting to kill cops 5'11" and 6' 8" and reality. Micro and macro The B1G East and the B1G West. Cats and nuclear fusion. A lizard and a rocket The difference between a million and a billion is almost a billion. Feminists and *those feminists* How did you fail your driving test the first time?  Finished up the rest, and the guy literally said "well you didn't really mess up on anything but I just don't feel you did good enough" Parallel park... Didn't Passed my three graduated licensing car tests, air brake test and bus test all on my first try. God damn sign test. I failed my learners permit because I mixed up those fucking dividing highway signs. The first time I took my driving test, I had a pretty bad cold and wasn't feeling well. But my mom pre appointed me and wasn't letting me skip it. Long story short, I was coming up to a red light with my foot on the break when I sneezed around 10 mph. My foot pushed the breaks locking them, and we stopped in about a fifth of a second. The instructors seat belt caught and the force broke her collar bone. 

I DID end up passing to my surprise though not gonna lie When backing out of a parking spot, I started turning immediately instead of packing up straight a little then turning. Ended up nudging one of the cones that defined the parking spot which was an immediate disqualification. Some idiot got frustrated at an intersection and pulled out from behind a stopped car an almost hit me. The instructor had to stop the car and it was an automatic fail. I didn't check for bikers when I turned I backed directly over the cone first thing in the maneuverability  test. Then asked if I could try agin. Parallel parking. What's best askreddit question that is not allowed or gets killed by automoderator?  Why are they called O-rings, when O is the only shape a ring can have?  Why are they called buttholes, when really it's the entrance to an elaborate tunnel system ending at your mouth? Because the cross section of the ring material is circular.  There are rings with many other cross-section shapes, including X-rings, square rings, and Q-rings. Rings can be D shaped. These are called, weirdly enough, D Rings. why do people add commas, when there doesnt need to be? Because ring rings sounds dumb cause when i stick my dong into it, i go "*Ohhhhh*" Boxing rings are usually pretty square. Pear rings and d rings don't really fit your theory.

http://www.mcmaster.com/#3570t34/=14fyulc Where is the most interesting place you have woken up after a night of drinking?  In a tree branch, 50 feet off the ground. Jail Brothel, I knew I went there but I hadn't planned on passing out and waking up there. In a strangers backyard nearly naked, save for the party hat on my genitalia What's a picture you want reddit to see?  People that walk around campus barefoot, what's the deal?  Attention, that is what they seek. God damn hippies That is disgusting to see, and when you see the bottom of their feet, ugghh gag me with a spoon. Savages Shoes are too mainstream. Come on, the shoes with toe slots are way more try hard than just bare feet Where do you get fake ids?  Ask any cop. I bet they have tons. Fakeids r us [idgod.ph](http://www.idgod.ph/) As a teen, we just went to the ghetto and got shady Muslim stores to sell us, but my sister had one growing up. I think you just have to know someone. You get them at the FakeID Store, of course. [China](http://media.boingboing.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/m8bxN3.gif) (I love 'em) Just before you go to prison for using them, you can get some from your local organized crime syndicate's intelligence leader (usually some guy addicted to scripties or coke), or from a resourceful hacker you meet on the dark web (probably some guy who uses scripties or coke). The local PD probably has some that they use for LE shenanigans, so you can apply for undercover work or rob the local PD. None of its really recommended. Maybe try to get security clearance, obtain a job at the CIA or with the military (Navy esp.), and become expert in fabricating identities for a variety of purposes. 

Could try robbing the grave technique if you can gain access to dead peoples' birth certificates, social security cards, or drivers licenses. Then you can commandeer their Identity by using vulnerable DMV offices or just apply for a change of name in some podunk county/state where there is bad records communication. Not hard to do if you're a corrupt coroner or a malpracticing medic. Probably shouldn't try it.

You could try fake baby technique where you use someone else's kid to register for a bunch of services like social security cards, birth certificates, etc. Seems like a terrible idea.

You could try twinsies technique where you straight up rob someone of their credentials, assume many parts of their identity in another state, and live their life like them. You have to take their appearance, same type of job, helpful to live in places with similar city and street names and shop at similar stores. You have to limit your use of their SSN and other identifying info though, or a piece of software will detect the fraud. Again, not recommended.

You could steal mail. You could apply for new drivers licenses, social security cards, and other credentials that are not yours without the victim's knowledge, then intercept it when it arrives in their mail. Even if you can't get a permanent version, you can use the temp version to get the real thing. 

I don't think it's very feasible to just print out a fake driver's license anymore. You might be able to buy cigarettes or get into a bar, but someone will probably catch on pretty fast. I get all mine from Shady Shin. I know its a risk dealing with the Triple Threat Triads, but their fakes look legit. What was the most cringiest thing you did as a teen?  Shop at Zumiez Had long, untaimed hair. It's still longer than average but much more clean and managed All of it. Just all of it. His name was Blake Endlessly flirt with straight guys. Everything from the second I turned 13 to now. A friend and I decided we'd sing an impromptu, unscripted musical at Starbucks. I still break into goosebumps and a cold sweat at the memory. Facebook had those notes. 

So much dark deep poetry.

That everyone saw. Everything. I wore 2 belts because I thought it was ~emo I guess. Smoked weed. I still do it but it's kinda gay... Wore a wrist protector (the one rollerbladers wear) & told everyone it was a cast of sorts after spraining my wrist. 

Never sprained my wrist. 

Didn't even remotely look like a cast.  

Totally got called out. Got into the Twilight fandom and our friendship group named ourselves after the main characters. We'd answer to those names and use them in place of our names on things like birthday cards.

*Shudder* What are some good horror films for those who have never watched any before?  Alien. The ring The Shining is a must watch I loved all the Scream movies. Let the Right One In Hush on netflix is really good! 100% on rotten tomatoes! The thing with Kurt Russell. Classic. the exorcist. The original Halloween. The thing. i only saw the new version but apparently the 1980s one is even better. Its  definately one of my favorites Depends on the audience? Are you the horror newbie or are you trying to introduce the genre to someone else? And who hasn't seen a scary movie that doesn't happen to be a child? Start with the classics - nightmare on elm street, Friday the thirteenth, the exorcist, Halloween. They wouldn't compare well if you put them next to today's horror films, though they reign supreme in my book. Plus because they are older most don't find them as scary. The Blair Witch Project. It's zero gore, almost zero jump scares, and if you don't mind bad language, it's a good starting point. Warning: the camera work might make you dizzy, because it's all on hand-held cameras. Japanese Horror

Ringu and Ju-on. They still give me nightmares. Reddit, what gives you anxiety in your life and, more importantly, how do you cope with it?  Responsibility. Avoiding it. My educational life and my thoughts about leaving home because I hate living with my mom. I just fucking breathe and think it's going to happen... Until tomorrow. Thinking about the future. I don't. Other people.  
Avoid people. Getting good grades, I cope by shutting down and neglecting. It used to be social anxiety, but I gave up on that because it's counteractive. People talking about diets, what foods you should or shouldn't eat, etc. I just push through it and don't engage in the conversation. Afterward, I'll remind myself that food isn't bad and that strict legalism around eating is the last place I want to return to.

Context: I have a bad family history of disordered eating and while I've since sought help for my eating disorder, food criticism still puts me on edge. Driving out of my normal comfort zone. If I leave the roads I know really well I have my GPS ready. I've been taking small 2-3 hour round-trips to neighboring towns, using the gps though, to try to get more comfortable. What is the most entertaining name for a pet you've encountered?  I had a a dog named Stay.... "Come here, Stay"... he jumped off a bridge I call my dog "Beastly Bitch". Pickle Queequeg.

Agent Scully's dog in The X-Files. My aunt had a cat name Prends-moi par derrire Had a coach / history teacher with a dog named Dammit. My girlfriend wants a basset hound called Shirley. Mousie Tung Kinda overdone but still classy: Chairman Meow My grandpa breeds German wirehairs. These are some of their names:
Gunsmoke

OK

Black Ice

Iris(was actually weinheimer)

Mule

Thor(fuckers HUGE).

I also had a black cocker spaniel named Phish. Pug named henry Xanzabar and Novalee  :) I knew a dog named Reality but he did not bite. I named my gf's mini dachshund, Lugnut. Knew someone who named their dog D.O.G. Sounds like something completely different if you read the letters out loud quickly.

Edit: there, their, they're A deaf Bassett hound named ICU.  Nothing to do with a hospital, it stands for "I see you." Casey Jones - he was a super hyper Boston Terrier.  He once jumped through the window at a drive through Hardee's and scared the hell of the ladies cooking.  He got his owner banned from Hardee's, which was a shame because it was his owner's favorite fast food. He was a fun little dog. My mom had a gray cat named Yellow Dog. My daughter had a gray cat named Pumpkin. My niece has a longhaired cat named Princess Fuzz Butt. Yes, all of these were registered with the vet under those names. I had a cat named Beavis. I had a hedgehog named sandslash. My friends cat named John How invested do you become in relationships with people you've met online though online dating?  15 years of marriage invested in my last internet date. 

Let that be a warning! I've never dated someone I met online. I met up with a dude online and then I dropped that dude right off and that's as far as I got. Banged a bunch, currently living with one. Single dates with first two, never talked to them again. Number three is now my husband and father of my three kids, 13 years later I met my boyfriend that way and I love him so I'd have to say heavily. Do you have a personal conjecture for why there are so few women at high levels of competitive esports? What is it?  'few' let's not go around the facts because it's basicly

0

Now, let's clear something out of the way. People with a higher iq tend to be better at games like chess or dams. So this would also have to count for e-sport games.

On average men and women have the same IQ, statiscally.

But when you look at individual men and women, you will find women tend to float around the average IQ alot, there are rarely outstanders. But men tend to either be of lower IQ, or higher IQ. Extremely hot or extremely cold.
This also explains why most top proffessors in the most prestigious universities around the world, are almost all, 95% male. Statistically there are more men who play video games, men have faster reaction time, men have better planning ability, its hard to create coed teams that work effectively [deleted] Hey guys, what would be your last meal?  Appetizers:

1. Mussels in an aoli sauce with sundried tomatoes and leeks.
2. High quality smoked salmon on toast.
3. Stuffed artichokes.
4. Raw oysters.
5. Good bruschetta
6. Assorted cheeses, breads and fruits

Salad

1. Clean Arugula with large, thin flakes of parmesan and a lemon-olive oil drizzle

Main Course

1. Lamb with yogurt mint sauce and potatoes.
2. Jamaican style peas and rice with a good hot sauce.
3. High quality fried cod.
4. A good swordfish steak with a heavy sauce.
5. Pasta with a seafood medley and a high quality tomato or alfredo sauce

Soups

1. A heavy pea soup with ham
2. Corn chowder
3. Tomato soup with cheesy bread

Dessert

1. Crem brulee
2. Cherry Pie
3. A peach and raspberry cobbler with ginger ice cream
4. A flourless chocolate raspberry cake with whipped cream
5. Chocolate-walnut cookies Well Done Filet with Ketchup. My guess is jello or broth. Law of averages says I'll be old and hospitalized shortly before my death. 1 of everything. Elephant sandwich with ketchup. 25 pieces of mcdonalds chicken nuggets with 25 different sauces and an extra large mcdonalds icecream cone with fries in it Chicken fried steak with white gravy on top, mashed potatoes, mixed vegetables with cheese and a glass of kool aid, all made by my mother. Pussy Pizza with pepperoni. Sausage. Olives. Jalapeo. Pineapple. Anchovies. Extra sauce. A bucket of KFC Extra crispy. And a pumpkin pie. A pizza that was supposed to be delivered to someone else. Preferably a charity but it's okay if not. A banana http://explosm.net/comics/2720/

If I had a peanut allergy, a PB&J. The first fresh bamboo to bloom from a [Melocanna](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melocanna) plant that was planted yesterday. All-you-can-eat buffet. I would eat very slowly. Sushi 200 pcs Cherry Coke and popcorn with extra butter. dozen hot wings with mac& cheese. or steak. or both Lots of Eggs, Sugar, Broccoli and Caramelized Onions. 

When I die I'm going to release a fart that will take everybody around me with me. Big Mac and fries. 2L of Sprite and five bananas Indonesian beef satay over steamed rice drenched in peanut sauce. With a side of spicy tuna rolls and spicy mayo. Spicy Golden Fried Chicken Strips/Mash & White Gravy/ Fries/ Ben & Jerrys The executioner. Popcorn. Fresh bread & salted butter

Fries with a lot of salt

Cheese Pizza

Grilled Salmon & Tuna

Malva Pudding

Beer Pasta with fresh tomatoes and all the butter I wanted (i'm lactose intolerant).
Garlic bread, like a whole loaf.
Chicken nuggets with buffalo sauce.
A giant glass of cold coke but no ice.
Bowl of coffee flavored ice cream. Why dont some bars and restaurants show the prices of any of their mixed drinks and cocktails?  When you see that they're $12 each you might change your mind. Make you more willing to buy one because if you have to ask you probably can't afford it, and nobody wants to be the guy who can't afford something so gimme a drink. "If you have to ask, you can't afford it."

Basically, anytime prices aren't listed it means that they are relatively high. The fact that this happens in America astounds me too This way, they can charge you more if you're being a dick. To make you feel cheap for asking and then turning it down after you hear the price. Don't want to scare away the customers. Positive people of Reddit, what do you do daily to have a positive mind set?  Tell myself it will be a good day. Remember that no matter how bad things get, I've never tried to high-five a blind guy. Taking care of yourself is one of the best ways to feel good. Eat balanced, sleep properly, and exercise. Along with that I talk myself through situations. If I am going through a difficult time I walk through all the scenarios of the situation, and it makes me realize that nothing terrible is going to happen. Life goes on. Dropping out of school, divorce, a bad career, are all things that may be painful for a while, but time and self care help heal the wounds. I remember that no matter what happens a positive reaction will always be more productive than a melt down. Every failure and mistake is a step towards success, holding on to those mistakes is important as to not make them again but it is so much more important to not let hem weigh you down and hold you back. And most of all breathe and enjoy this day you have the opportunity to face. What is the hardest part of dating someone new?  My penis Trying not to be nervous and wondering if it's going to work out. Figuring someone out is a scary thing to do for me. I typically date women that I've been friends with. Unfortunately, I've learned that once the relationship ends, so does the friendship. Trying to figure out if they're nervous or just plain old weirdos, ASAP. How new a person? if REAL new, explaining to people why they still have a placenta attached is tricky... Wondering how long it will be until I can ask them to peg me Parents of Reddit, if your child has a phone, how much do you monitor their activity?  I have told my kids that this is phone for me to reach them. I will take their phones and. See what they are doing was a stipulation of having a smart phone, if they didn't like it they could have a flip phone. They opted for a smart phone and I do check on their phone activity on FB, Snapchat, and who they are talking to. My kid has a cell.


I don't monitor his phone at all.


I do tell him not to use all the damn data.


he's twenty seven though, so.. Ex military of Reddit, how difficult was your transition to civilian life? How are you doing now?  Not hard at all really. Got a job I love really quickly, have a bunch of friends, life's great Well I did 20 years US Navy. 18 of those years an Aviation Ordnanceman (BB stacker). Anyway for me it was hard because my work skill didn't translate to any civilian job. However 3 years after retiring and in-between that time I studied to become an IT. Now...seven years later I finally got a good DOD position as an IT technician. Pay is nowhere near what I made when I was active duty. But I am good to go for now. Benefits for DOD employee is very good. Why does ketchup smell like urine when you've got a head cold?  It doesn't? You are likely just smelling your mucous mixed with the acidic smell of tomatoes. I try not to smell anything when I have a cold. Mostly because, on a good day, that's how that vile "condiment" smells. What are the hardest things that about having a child that you didn't know but learned when becoming a parent?  They talk ALL THE TIME about any and everything.  After 8 years or so it gets OLD trying to sound interested in everything. Always being *needed* all the time. They *need* you to hold them. They *need* you to feed them. They *need* you to pay their bills/take them places/teach them things. 

It gets easier as they get older, but it is exhausting. What is your go-to, late night "drunk food"?  Anything with cheese, preferably melted cheese. buffalo wings Pickles and pickle juice. Helps the hangover. Fried chicken. Preferably spicy fried chicken.

Hell, that's my favorite sober food too. Tacos Nachos w sour cream mex cheese and salsa As long as it is common food, that is not dairy or seafood, it fair game. Potato skins, extra cheese and bacon. Burger King Chicken Fries Carne Asada Fries POUTINE - shit tastes amazing when drunk English muffins with peanut butter. Here in San Diego....Carne Asada Burrito or a nice greasy quesadilla. Thieves of Reddit, If you have a chance to steal anything then what will you stole?  An 8th grade English book to gift to you. Your teachers degree back. What is the fastest way to ruin a chat with autocorrect?  What's your favorite euphemism?  "Playing tug-o-war with Cyclops" = jerking off. Playing rumpty bumpty.

its for sex. what did you expect? "Dropping the kids off at the pool" - Shitting Gonna see my "CD man" for some "bob marley" "sleeps with the fishes" pop your clogs. "I have to go see a man about a horse" How long could a group of modern day people on a hunting trip survive if they suddenly found themselves in a dungeons and dragons / fantasy type wilderness?  I had this kind of daydream and may turn it into a short story. The premise is a group out on a hunting trip that get caught in some kind of solar event that transports them to another realm, one similar to D&D or Pathfinder. 

The group is made up of one guide, a medic and seven hunting enthusiasts. They all have high end rifles or shotguns plus all the gear they need for say a 10 day unsupported trip into the Alaskan wildness.
 
A lot of their equipment is now pretty useless, a compass no longer points north (on a different planet now) and there are no satellites so their GPS's, Sat-phones, smart phones and EPIRBS are all out of the equation. 

They each have an ATV quad bike that carries all their equipment but not much fuel as its only supposed to get them to and from a base camp that they were going to set up. The hunters are all from various backgrounds (any suggestions for these welcome) and have day jobs that may or may not aid them in surviving this hostile and non technological environment. 

I will probably be looking at some random encounter tables for what they will come across out there. I assume they would probably do pretty well at first due to damage of firearms being so much higher than that of say a conventional sword or bow. 

Anyone have any good ideas for how they might react in this situation or how long they make it? Alaskan wilderness? Until the wandering monster table coughs up 1d4 white dragons. What movie or TV prop do you want?  I'm still after a Star Trek DS9/Voyager-era tricorder and phaser to use with my recently acquired Voyager outfit The game "Domination" from Never Say Never Again. I could go for a time rotor from the TARDIS.  I'm not picky which which one. The Jumanji game board. The death star would be sick I want that giant Dick from "A Clockwork Orange" What formerly familiar thing felt foreign to you after so many years away from it?  going back to my high school campus to play pickup My period after pregnancy and a year of breastfeeding Star Wars Galaxies, an older MMO.

I played it for years, and recently revisited it through an emulator, and, wow, the towns just seem so much smaller now that I'm an adult. for me running/sprints. I had an acl tear and after reconstruction i didnt sprint until 6months post surgery. It felt like i had prosthetic leg. idk if it was purely physcal or mental but i had a hard time adjusting to my "new" leg after a mere 6 months. How did you quietly undermine your parents authority?  Bitched about them on AIM to all my friends. They were the only ones who really "got" me Poop under their bed I don't usually. They are pretty great people. Spit in my mother's drink/food on more than one occasion. I had almost forgotten about that.. I feel kinda awful now. What does this Tom Robbins quote mean to you?  Love and understand yourself. Don't expect anyone else to make you feel whole. That's on you. When we're incomplete, we're always searching for somebody to complete us. When, after a few years or a few months of a relationship, we find that we're still unfulfilled, we blame our partners and take up with somebody more promising. This can go on and on--series polygamy--until we admit that while a partner can add sweet dimensions to our lives, we, each of us, are responsible for our own fulfillment. Nobody else can provide it for us, and to believe otherwise is to delude ourselves dangerously and to program for eventual failure every relationship we enter. 'dude, i'm an old stoned hippie who got way more pussy than you ever did, and i just kept writing for decades after i stopped being a good writer.'

---

other Tom Robbins quotes:

We are our own dragons as well as our own heroes, and we have to rescue ourselves from ourselves. 

People are never perfect, but love can be.  

There's no point in saving the world if it means losing the moon. 

We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.

The highest function of love is that it makes the loved one a unique and irreplaceable being.

"Albert Camus wrote that the only serious question is whether to kill yourself or not. Tom Robbins wrote that the only serious question is whether time has a beginning or an end. Camus clearly got up on the wrong side of the bed, and Robbins must have forgotten to set the alarm. There is only one serious question. And that question is: "Who knows how to make love stay?"." Jitterbug perfume? I think it means that you can't depend on others for happiness or fulfillment, and if you do, you're perpetually disappointed. Wow this is very similar to a "quote" I decided to write a few years ago after seeing a lot of "you complete me" and "he destroyed me" things on Facebook.
Let me just copy it from the image macro I made...yeah..I was that girl:

"I see girls complaining about being single everywhere. Desperate for a man they don't even know yet, waiting to be completed.
I feel whole, I'm rounded as a person, and I complete myself. "Alone" to me means living my life how I want. When I fall in love the man will be a bonus, not my other half. This means that if he leaves, he won't have taken half of me with him."

It isn't feminist feel-good rhetoric either, it's all 100% true. I've been single (and celibate) for 5ish years now, I'm *that* comfortable with alone time lol. If I find a man that doesn't listen to stupid advice like "If she doesn't sleep with you on the 3rd date, she's not interested, end it" I'll be impressed. I'm not acting like I'm some exclusive prize you need to wait ages for, I literally have to be deeply infatuated or in love with you in order to do that stuff so it naturally takes a long time.

This went from barely relevant to dating/girly bullshit so quick like I have to apologise, haha. What is the weirdest place you've masturbated in?  600 feet beneath the surface of the water in the Bermuda Triangle. Haha, that's a tough choice but I'd probably have to go with underneath your bed. School bathroom or forest. A Yellowstone bathroom. On a jetski on the Mississippi river. My girlfriend at the time wanted to watch. A university bathroom stall after a boring lecture. On top of a random peak in the Atlas Mountains On my way back from college one day. Pulled over into a church parking lot with nothing where anywhere near. Jacked it into a subway cup. Continued driving I've masterbated on a hill, friends bathrooms, public toilets. The weirdest was probably the front garden of my home when i was to young tpo realise how weird that is My house. Underneath your mother's bed The Missouri River. Next to my cousin, in his bed. Detention Hospital OR bathroom. random gas station bathroom. Driving home from the cabin by myself stopped for gas went into the bathroom bought a condom out of the machine. Finished and left it floating in the toilet A rest top in Tennessee at 3 am... The back of my boyfriends bakery, upon his request.

It was hot.

No, none of the food that was involved was sold.

Yes, the surfaces were well cleaned before next use. Freemasons of reddit, why is it a requirement that one believe in a Supreme Being, but doesn't matter which one in particular?  The short version is we are all a piece of a greater orginizaiton. If you believe there is no Supreme Being, it is easier to aspire to be the head, and the focus. God is expressed through many forms, which is not limited to any particular religion. All religions have divine inspiration, and it is merely a requirement to acknowledge there is "something" beyond us. 

It is a matter of faith; which some may believe is a prerequisite for understanding the teachings of Freemasonry. A candidate is required to express a belief in a supreme being in order to give meaning and weight to the obligation that you promise to uphold.  if a person is an atheist, he has no real personal conviction to follow his obligation to himself, other Masons and his God.  

A diety of one particular sort or another is irrelevant in Masonry so as to promote the brotherhood of Man and the diety of God.  Masonry recognizes one Diety.  How a brother chooses to worship and honor that God is up to him. Jojo fans who like part 4: Diamond is Unbreakable, why?  look, i know nothing about jojo, but the title seems in the ballpark of being scientifically accurate and i can respect that Why not? It's definitely not the strongest story but it has likable characters and a fair amount of suspense. What is the most overused marketing gimmick?  for me it's any slogan which is a variation of "By X for X" for example "By gamers, for gamers". titties ''Buy this product, it will make your life better. Everyone has it, don't miss out on, etc." advertising "3 minutes can save you hundreds" Sales in general. People think they're "saving" when they're actually spending. 9.99 nine9nine99nueve99nineninenine999999nein999 "Limited supply" incredibly effective Redditors, what is your worst dental problem experience if you had any?  I had an expander when I was a kid. My mom had this key thing to manually tighten it. One time when she was doing it, she applied too much pressure and her hand slipped, and I ended up having a deep cut on the roof of my mouth Before I got braces, I had to get a "crown lengthening" on a couple of molars. That basically means they had to remove a little bit of the gum to expose more tooth, so that the back thingies could go on.

They were going to give me general anesthesia, but they couldn't find a vein. So they said, "Do you trust us?" and I said yes. So I had dental surgery with only local Novocain.

It actually was alright though. They put a rubber thing in my mouth to hold my jaw open, so I just sat there and relaxed, and tried to ignore the blood coming through the suction thingy. Thus far? I had to have a major section of one of my two front teeth reconstructed.  The initial placement was less of an issue, as most of the tooth was already missing.  However, a few years ago, they had to remove the old one and replace it with a new one. *ugh* really hope I never have to do that again, but they say it may have to be replaced every 10 to 20 years, as front teeth see a lot of use. [deleted] Dry socket.  Had wisdom teeth removed which sucked but woke screaming in terrible pain in the middle of the night with dry socket.  Had to go back to the dentist and get gauze soaked in something jammed into the holes.  Took days to stop being in pain. Had to get a root canal. It was surprisingly painless, considering all the horror stories you hear! I was in my mid twenties when I had my wisdom teeth out, and they had established pretty solid roots. I only had local anesthetic, which had to be reapplied a couple times because it too so long. The bottom ones absolutely refused to come out, so they had to be broken and pulled out in pieces. All-told I was there at least 3 hours (which also threw off all my dentists appointment throughout that day)
My first follow-up appointment, the receptionist told me my dentist had called out sick the next day because her hands and forearms were so sore from pulling on my teeth for hours.
A few weeks later, I was back again with swelling and bleeding as a fragment of broken tooth that hadn't been taken out started working its way out the side of my gum Wisdom tooth gets extracted and it's unpleasant but I can't feel a thing &  I'm fine. 

When the dentist shoves the bloody thing in my face & tells me to have a look -  that's when I fainted. What's the dumbest commercial you've ever seen?  Puppy monkey baby A KIA commercial in the early 2010s or late 2000s. It was a lame jingle with an equally lame dance by what appeared to be employees. There was also the Quiznos rat commercials about rats liking their sandwiches. I still hate Quiznos for denying my free sandwich voucher when I was 6. It is my mission to see them go out of business. FOR A GREAT LOW RATE YOU COULD GET ONLINE GO TO THE GENERAL AND SAVE SOME TIME Any TV commercial that uses memes from the internet The Most Interesting Man In The World commercials. All insanely stupid People of Reddit what is your "I probably should have died or at least seriously injured" story?  Poked a bullet ant nest alot with a stick. was stung 11 times. Would not recommend. I once woke up surrounded in my own vomit after a hard night of partying. Had I fallen asleep on my back I would have probably died. Who should really be the 2016 Presidential Nominees?  Arnold Schwarzenegger and any variation of memes. [deleted] Red Foreman or Captain America The people who won the primaries Joe Biden. John Wayne and Randolph Scott Bill Gates and Steve Jobs Deez Nutz waka flaka Morgan Freeman In all seriousness, Rand Paul and Jim Webb Dave Paul Ryan and the Rock vs Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders Carson vs Sanders. Paul Ryan and Joe Biden Trump > Hillary Let's stick with the theme of the spouse of a former president and a billionaire non-politician. 

How much would you like to see Barbara Bush go up against Bill Gates? Barack Obama [deleted] What is the hardest responsibility that life puts on your shoulders as you age into your 30s and 40s?  Kids, if you have them.

Frankly, it's the toughest responsibility that life puts on you ever, regardless of your age. Saving for retirement. By the time you're in your 30s and 40s, it suddenly becomes real and you have that "oh shit" moment. What goal can you set that you can attain within 1 year?  Gain a visible amount of muscle definition. My actual one-year goal is to save for a 50% down payment on a home. I probably won't buy it, but the money will be there. age 1 year. Suicide. It's one of those things, you can attain in just a second less What's something you can only enjoy once?  The sweet relief of death. Unboxing something. The feeling of opening up something you're super excited about is a one shot only thing. Once you've opened it and taken it out, putting it back in the box and reoopening it could never be the same as the first time. Disposable things. Toilet paper, paper plate, paper straw. Watching Death Note Your first time doing....well, anything. Stand up comedy the first time If childbirth is a miracle, then dying in childbirth is enjoyable only once.

Unless you get reincarnated. Then... Well, good luck. losing your virginity....

....er, once per orifice that is What time is Reddit most activley used?  To English redditors, were you ever taught about the Revolutionary war in world history? How was it taught?  No but there are 100's of years of recorded British history starting with the Roman invasion so it's hard to fit it all in at school. The emphasis in history class was how victorious we were in WW2. No, we're taught about *world* history, not American history. Britain lost a small amount of territory in the late 18th century. Thats about it. They were taught that the colonists took advantage of the 7 years war with France to sneak out. France had much to do with our departure, these students were told.

Something that isn't taught anywhere - George Washington started the French/Indian war in the first place, and the taxes imposed were to pay for the war that he started. Then there's the Boston Tea Party and whatnot... Considering we've got at least 10 times more history than the US (probably more) we have a lot more to choose from. To be honest, we're mostly taught about modern history (the last hundred or so years) and the Tudors. What is the strangest thing anyone has ever said to you?  "You have the best fuck me eyes I've ever seen". "I was gonna ask that girl over there out, but you have nicer hands." Reddit, what is the most embarrassing thing you've been caught doing?  I was, uh....., relieving some stress using good ole biology when my cousins walked in. Safe to say they always knocked after that. When twerking became a big thing I put on some boss ass bitch music and tried it in my parents bathroom (visiting a weekend from college) I had headphones in and my older sister came into the bathroom (I didn't lock it) and I was gettin it but she was screaming My dad walked in on me having sex - There was a pause, he gave me a slight nod and left the room. We have never spoken of it. I just opened the women's bathroom door at a cafe because I thought it was single occupancy/lockable and I had just seen someone enter the men's. I am male. Thankfully the women's was unoccupied and I think only one person noticed. I was, uh....., relieving some stress using good ole biology when my cousins walked in. Safe to say they always knocked after that. What did you do that caused an unpredictable, downhill spiraling chain of events?  Has anyone seen or known a real witch or someone who practices witchcraft/ sorcery/ magick/ etc?  Yes, it was laughable because they truly believed they controlled the elements. My fiancee is one.

I never believed much of it, but damn if I'm not drinking the kool-aid on it now. I truly believe she could fuck me up if she sincerely tried. i'm a witch! I'm a witch I'm a witch I've met a couple wiccans in my lifetime. My opinion of them; too many drugs but their houses have the best fucking decor. i'm a Lich. does that count? myself I've met a few con-women in my time...that's all they are. The self fulfilling prophesy thing they rely on is a joke... What insect would you resort to eating if there is no more regular food?  crickets. mealworm... it's in the name. I'd either away to nothing and die. Or maybe a scorpion. Crickets and ants are pretty good fried. Yeah throw in some sauce and a starch I'd basically eat any insect. What is the most Charlie Kelly like thing you've done?  What pairs well with a meal of fish?  Wine, soft green vegitables French fries and tartar sauce. A microwave and the ire of your workplace. Rice and broccoli a cherry pie. White Wine, maybe a nice salad with a bit of citrus, maybe some sauteed squash and zucchini. What kind of fish? Depends on how the fish is prepared. If you're talking about wine, I would serve pinot grigio or white Zinfandel. 

If you're talking about sides, rice pilaf is nice with either string beans or asparagus. Since you got fish in your mouth might as well get some pussy What was your best Halloween costume, or the best you've ever seen?  http://i.imgur.com/2jrqGvK.jpg

Demonic nun. Pretty happy with how it turned out :) I was Isaac from children of the corn. I had short black hair at the time, the hat, carried a scythe, had a cross necklace, a black blazer jacket, and some 70s looking plaid slacks. It was legit. I wore it to a horror convention I went to in Flint and everyone knew immediately who I was. There was a guy dressed as a demon, guy was on stilts with glowing red eyes, really looked the part. He was pulling a lackey behind him on a chain. The detail in their costumes, to this day, makes me wonder if somehow the myths about Halloween and ghouls are true. My son was about three and in his umbrella stroller and pumpkin suit, not buckled so he could run business to business. When the costumed guys (I hope) walked within a foot of us, he freaked out and rolled out of the stroller and his underneath. My uncle had purchased one of those inflatable costumes that look like your riding an animal and made some major modifications to make it look like he was riding an old lady.  He had a realistic head on her and everything.  It was 

Edit - http://youtu.be/fQPTWgF06WM 

Something like this but it was a grown man riding an old woman My brother was a popcorn box one year. My mom painted his arms and face white to match the stripes on the box. He had an allergic reaction and got hives all over. That was the best Halloween ever. Vegeta - mid Saiyan Saga battle with Kakarot 

Best I've seen was someone turned themselves into a vending machine... They were spitting out candy also One year I went as Deadmau5, one as Ace Ventura, last year a wackywavinginflatablearmflailingtubeman. What war had the most devastating effect on mankind?  WWII WW1, because of the Spanish Flu afterwards I'd say The war that is yet to come... By death toll, WWII followed by the Mongol conquests. Economically, WWII is the most costly conflict in history. Reddit how do you like your burger cooked(rare, medium, well)? What toppings?  Rare and medium are both good. A slice of good cheddar, a fresh slice of tomato, and a fresh slice of lettuce. Alternatively, a blue cheese sauce. medium, slice of cheddar cheese, onion, tomato and lettuce all make a good burger. 

What makes a great burger: fried egg and jalapenos. Medium, mayo, mushrooms and cheese. Medium, with cheese, bacon & mayo. At most places (where I question the quality of their ground meats) I want it well done, then I cover it with lettuce, tomato, onion, dill pickles, cheddar or pepper jack, ketchup and mustard.

If I know the ground meat is quality, medium, same toppings, easy on the ketchup and mustard. If I have the choice is how it's cooked, I prefer medium. And I'm a pretty simple guy when it comes to toppings, just mustard and onion for me. Unless it's a BK Whopper, in which case I have everything except the cheese on those. :D Well done (no e. coli pls) and topped with another burger or two. Gimme a big old Dagwood burger. Hell yeah! rare, onion, pesto, goat cheese Well done with cheddar, bacon, and onion. Medium, American cheese, ketchup, and Mayo Rare, slathered in Buffalo sauce with bleu cheese crumbles on top! Beef (medium-well), tomato, pickles, ketchup or A1 sauce, on a bun that preferably doesn't tear up your mouth. (Lettuce and onion are optional, I could care less about having either.) Medium.
Bacon. Cheddar. Pickles. Mustard.
That is all. Medium, barbecue sauce and onion straws. Maybe some pulled pork. Damn I wish there was a Red Robin near me.. I like mine well-cooked with some nice mozzarella, black olives, a pretzel bun, and spicy barbeque. 

Sometimes I go with a softer bun and cheddar. Bacon is a generally amazing topping. Jalapeos are great in the veg department. I know some of my friends will cook the burger, then split an egg onto it and fry it up. Egg covered burgers are pretty good. My local Korean run Burger and Teriyaki restaurant makes a fantastice Kimchi burger. I was skeptical at first, but now it's a go-to. Medium rare burger, bacon, cheese, tomato and a pile of kimchi. Delicious. Charred on the outside, medium on the inside.  Swiss with jalapenos and raw red onion, no mayo.  Montreal seasoning on the burger as well.  Some caramelized onions on the side, in case the burger is bland. What is the most attractive thing in the world?  Naked woman holding a huge magnet Girls Food a toned back Probably all that spinning molten metal in the center of Earth that makes magnetic poles happen. Originality Me. What are the pros and cons to be a radiology technician?  Pros: Superpowers.

Cons: The great responsibility. pro: relatively easy and short training for relatively high pay.

con: your gonads shrivel up and you might die. Pros: Potentially making lots of $, Helping sick people

Cons: Could see really gross stuff. Could be out of a job the second biological solutions to cancer treatment get greenlights. You could get cancer if you don't do your job correctly. What dream that you've had was the most disappointing to wake up from and realize it wasn't real?  I dreamt once I made friends over several months and we went on this life changing adventure.

When I woke up and realized they didn't exist I started crying. I dreamt I was a millionaire for a day. It was so real that I woke up in a good mood, took a shower, got dressed, drove to the ATM, and drove back home sadder than a clown. When loved ones visit from the other side. I was off on some distant planet with the ability to fly, it was the most vivid dream i can remember. I was so desperate to try and relive that feeling that i tried to fly for about an hour. I once had a very vivid dream that I was skiing in thigh deep powder. It was beautiful. I was crushed when I woke up. I was home on mid-tour leave from the service. This is the only semblance of reality this dream had.

My parents were still alive, happy and very much in love with each other.  They were partying and relaxing, playing cribbage and listening to music.  They were also filthy rich and living in a mansion.  The butler arrives with drinks.

A vodka and cranberry on a serving tray is put in front of my face before I can even ask.  As I take the drink I recognize the butler.  He is Mr. Charlie; a contractor I had worked with in country.   He winks slyly at me as if to say,"you lucky bastard!" And he whisks away.  

I sit playing cribbage and dominoes, enjoying drinks with my parents for what seemed like hours.  The doorbell rings.  It is a girl with whom I had enjoyed a brief relationship with in my youth.  Her fit body and large natural breasts are all accentuated by her denim cut off shorts and tight T-shirt.  

I next then leave my parents and spend time with her making love, getting er, um, high, and having sex.  Her body is exactly as I remembered it from 15 years earlier.  We wonder the halls of the house and garden enjoying each other's touch.

Then I wake up in a shitty CHU.  I see the metal above my head for the top bunk.  I looked to my left and saw one of the 6 dickheads I shared the CHU with asleep with his mouth open, snoring, headphones on.  And I feel really, really, fucking cheated by life and spent the rest of the day sweating my ass off lamenting that it was not my realty. Repeatedly jumping out of planes. Not quite the same, but similar.

I had one where I was being emotionally abused by my exgirlfriend.  So I rejected that it was real.  I told her that this wasn't really happening, and there was no way we were really dating. She said something like "I know, this is a wet dream of yours".  Disgusted, I woke up.

That's when I realized that I'm never aware that it's a dream before I awaken (either become lucid, or wake up from the dream). I once dreamt I was a winged person and have beautiful memories of soaring through a semi-tropical forest. I had a dream that I was a young girl living in a mining town in West Virginia. Could have been the forties, could have been the sixties, I don't know - small town life didn't give me anything to nail down the date for it.  It was autumn and there were leaves everywhere and I had a nice day in town.  

I would routinely (apparently) hitch a ride on the top of the train that came through town to get back to my home outside town.  The train slowed down for the curve in the tracks near my house enough that, if you knew where and were ready, you could hit the ground running and be ok.  I remembered doing it more than once, and my mother's admonitions not to, and my whole life up until that day. 

I was something like fourteen or fifteen and it was a good, *happy* day, not a special one specifically, nothing amazing happened, just good weather - clear blue sky, not too hot, and a day getting out and being in it.  It was the weekend and I had done my chores and was *free* all day.  I was a happy person generally. I liked life. I wasn't sure what was coming next or what was going to happen in my life but it was a good day and that was enough.

I can still feel the wind on my face, feel the train under me, see the glorious colors of the leaves in the trees. 

&nbsp;

It was a good day. 

&nbsp;

I woke up and wasn't sure what the hell was happening, but as I came back to myself and had to face going to school and dealing with my own life... the vibrancy of that girl, of the colors of the leaves, of the feeling of her smile, it just was an amazing thing to have inside of me - my life seemed dull and drab next to it.  To be fair my life *was* dull and drab - it was winter and grey and cold out. It was like the color had been sucked out of the world. 

&nbsp;

I hope the dream was real, that I saw a glimpse of someone's life - I don't care if it was a 'past' one or whatever, I just hope she was real.  That that happy girl existed somewhere outside my imagination. I hope things worked out for her. 

Good luck girl. *sigh*

There's a girl who I'm very much in love with, she loves me too, but we're too young to get married. I moved over a thousand miles from her but we still talk. I plan on flying her up here this Christmas, as a matter of fact. She's perfect in every way, sweet, beautiful, caring.

I had a dream where I was sleeping. It was more than sleeping though, it was like being semi awake and aware of things around you. 

I remember knowing the layout of my (our) house and knowing that I had bought it with my own money. Having the perfect job, house, wife, and life in general. 

I could feel her next to me, peacefully dozing cuddle up against my chest. My arms were around her and hers around me. 

I remember feeling so contented, so happy that I could have stayed like that forever.

And then I woke up. Not in the dream, but into harsh reality. She wasn't here with me. I wasn't in that perfect house. I don't have a job. She was still over a thousand miles away.

I'm not ashamed to say I cried a little. It was heartbreaking to have that happiness only to have it torn from you, leaving a ripped void of emptiness. The one where I died What was the must humiliating experience you've had as a kid?  I turned around because I thought my friend was behind me, I say something along the lines of "man I love you".  Definitely had the I love you in there.  It was actually the girl I had a crush on.  Very awkward Was hung upside down from my ankles and turned into a human pinata. By my own father, apparently because I was rude. Ripped my pants on the playground.  Everyone pointed and laughed. Wet myself in a bush while playing hide and seek. Light cotton shirts. I was about 10. Ok, so, we had a bunch of family and friends over for Christmas or some shit. Few dozen people at least. My parents had bought some sort of 'fancy Christmas lollipops' apparently. 

Of course, me being the youngest kid there, (probably 8-9 years old) I got offered the first one 'fresh out of the package!' OH BOY!

I'm all smiles because shit, I just got some candy and everybody's smiling and being jovial and having fun. 

After sucking on it for a couple seconds, I just wasn't getting much flavor. So i did what any kid would do: chomp down on that fucker.

It's at that exact moment that my mom's eyes got wide and starting trying to take it away from me, while my dad and most other people were doubled over in helpless laughter.

"Still no flavor though, kinda dry. WTF kind of candy IS this?" I'm thinking.

That's when my dad showed me the [package](http://alaskagift.com/moosenuggetswizzlestick.aspx).... 

This was in front of most of my teachers and other school employees that I see every. fucking. day.

At that instance, I was beyond mortified, obviously. However I was able to 'buck up' and managed to laugh with the crowd. "Wow, no WONDER it tasted like shit!" was a crowd-pleaser.

20+ years later, my parents still bring it up.... This kid that sat next to me in the 5th grade pulled my chair out from behind me when I went to sit down. In an attempt to catch myself, I pulled my desk down on top of me, causing my papers/books to go everywhere. As an already bashful child, I was mortified :( Might want to change "must" to "most" . I had really bad allergies as a child and always carried tissues, but didn't have any on this particular day. I had also used all the ones my teacher carried because my nose was going crazy. After using a number of tree leaves to blow my nose I finally had to go in. I'm running up to the school past a number of classes also going in. My nose is running as fast as I am and I'm getting frantic. I hit a crowd of students at the door waiting to go in. I put my head down and forced my way through them and past their teacher who proceeded to yell at me. I was undeterred, but she grabbed me and spun me around almost violently. I'm sure she thought I was a jackass kid trying to cut the line. By now thick snot had run down below my lips so I couldn't even speak. Her spinning me caused the snot to separate from my chin and it flung all over her and three other kids who then puked. I moved at the end of that year. The neighbors kid (super creep) was chasing me around outside (not in a joking way) and I was actually really good at climbing fences, and so I fa through a neighbors yard and (I was super cool and wore ripped up bell bottoms and) I climbed the fence as fast as I could only to jump off and have the bottom of my pants get jinked and I fuckin whacked myself into the fence, and my pants were falling down and he was older and super creepy and just sat on the floor and watched and it was humiliating and traumatizing for him to sit there and watch while I cried and screamed for help. OK so I have a few:

1. When I was a wee lad of about 4 or 5, I was playing frisbee at the park behind my house with one on my best friends at the time. So anyway, he accidentally throws the  frisbee into the road, and I go to get it. I'm in the road (my dad was watching to make sure we didn't get hit by a car), and there's this woman walking by (between me and my friend) with her big dog.

    I, having no idea how motion worked, tried to aim the frisbee in front of the dog to try to get it to my friend. Obviously it hits the dog, and this woman freaks the fuck out. She started screaming at me and literally grabbed me by the shirt and pulled me over to my dad and screamed at him some more. I tried to tell her that I didn't mean to hit the dog but she didn't believe me. Anyway I was really upset and cried for like an hour because I thought that I did something wrong. My dad, by the way, didn't blame me for any of this, and was really pissed at this woman for touching his kid. So that's story numero uno.


2. In second grade I had some gas problems. I once farted in the hallway as we were lining up to go in the class, and literally everyone started making choking noises and covering their faces. The teacher even sprayed some air freshener because it was so bad. Luckily, nobody knew it way me, but it was really embarrassing. Not mine but a kid in my gym class got his arm rolled up in the gym divider and got lifted up 3 feet in the air. To make it worse his pants fell down What is the worst mild pain?  Sore throat AHHhHhhh Toothache. papercuts Back pain. Not the spine, anywhere but the spine. Ingrown toenails Having an itch on your foot while wearing shoes that you can't get to the itch Cutting your fingernail a bit too far down and that sting that lasts afterwards. I had a brainfreeze yesterday while drinking a slurpee. Was almost doubled over in pain for a solid 15 seconds, not kidding. Getting an IUD put in. I broke my tailbone a couple of years ago and it was the worst thing ever. Sitting, standing, walking, you name it; it all hurt. Plus your bloodflow is restricted to the tailbone and I was constantly transitioning between sitting and standing so it took almost 3 years for the pain to go away completely. Paper cut on the knuckle Stubbing little toe Headache Slipping on shoes that aren't supposed to be slipped on Hand sanitizer in a papercut The mild itch just past the elbow when wearing a full arm cast I would have to go with toothache. Something about pain in your face is just so miserable. And you know the whole time that fixing it is going to suck, too. Bruised toes

I am currently suffering them Headache, toothache or backpain Hitting the *funny bone* immediately turns me into a five year old. Getting something in your eye, like a bit of grit or something, and your eye tears up trying to get rid of it.

Or when you really need to sneeze but can't. Hit to the shin, agony for 1 minute then you're all better When my foot gets a muscle spasm. It wont go away unless you stretch it, but if you stretch it it HURTS! lol I friction burned the skin of my middle finger, and everything I touch with it hurts. Definitely the most annoying. The post migraine hang over.

Your light and sound sensitivity is gone, as is a lot of the pain, but you're loopy, and still feel like your head is in a vice. That lower back pain when you've been having sex for too long.

You're in a kind of pain that can be relieved just by shifting your body, but you're too tired to do that. Having a thorn in your sock Plantar faciitis. Got it after my second marathon. I cried when I took my first pain free step after a steroid shot. I use to say paper cuts between my fingers......until I had thyroid cancer / surgery. Now it would be a toss up between the time I had stitches at the base of my throat.....didn't really hurt but you couldn't really sleep well as every time I moved my head just slightly, I could feel them pull......or the fact that even though I have been cancer free for over 7 years, I still will have days where my tongue or mouth has a burning feeling.....like what it feels like after you eat a piece of hot pizza.... Ingrown hair on your Gooch The aftermath of a pinched sciatic nerve.  Now my foot is either totally numb, or really tender. Hot water scalds. Hate those. Big, firm poops Sleeping in a pitch dark room and someone flips on bright lights. Unidentified tooth pain. Is it general soreness, a cavity, is your face rotting from the inside out? Who knows? lower back pain. can feel it with every movement Testicular torsion.

Ol' twisty nuts. The ole light tap to the testes. Joint ache What's something small that your roommates do that makes you angry?  Load the dishwasher 'incorrectly' :).

http://theoatmeal.com/comics/dishwasher Pisses on the rim of the toilet and doesn't clean it What is the most intimate, not necessarily sexual moment you've ever had with your spouse?  Childbirth When I missed her vagina and went into her butt hole and she just smiled Personally my relationship is a long distance relationship. We wrap our hands tightly when we meet. We hate the distance, but we realize we're not going to get each other if we don't work on closing that gap. Efforts are important, especially that effort. In the hospital on the way to her father who had just died, we were briefly trapped in a malfunctioning elevator. It was one of the most intense moments of my life. Which songs sound better in a minor key? Alternatively, which sound better in a major key?  [The national US anthem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_PtnvVQhqA) and [you are my sunshine](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHa71o7qPE4) are both great examples. Check our Chase Holfelder on YouTube. He takes popular/iconic songs and puts them in minor keys. My faves are Somewhere Over the Rainbow and All I Want for Christmas is You The Beatles' *Ob-la-dee Ob-la-da* actually sounds like a respectable song in minor key. What is something the opposite sex does that they DON'T think is cute, that really is, but you don't think actually is?  ??? Sooo...neither person thinks it's cute but it objectively is?? What is the riskiest thing you've ever done?  Ran a yellow light They told me to lay down on the floor and I actually did it! Went back to sleep for 5 minutes without pressing snooze.  Pull out method. Broken into stores, ran from cops, narrowed avoided the path of an "armed and dangerous" criminal that was nearby when I was homeless, climbed barbed wire fences, been in fights.

#Just urban things, you know I've been chased down the street by a man weilding a machete once. I also snuck into a construction site of a skyscraper, rode the elevator to the 70th floor and stood at the edge. I've had a lot of unprotected sex. I used to hitch rides on the back of 18-wheelers. I used to steal a lot of alcohol. I once stole a $400 bottle of scotch. I climbed to the top of a 8 story building using the scaffolding. Masturbate while someone else is sleeping in the room? What would you really like to spend your life doing?  making music and traveling the world Having fun Twitch Streaming Whatever I want. Procrastinating Helping others. My boyfriend Reproducing what are some great wedding day stories?  I wanted to elope, my husband didn't. I got pretty lit at (before) our wedding and told the photographer to stay away from me and as a result there's like two decent pictures of me. What's the difference between an intellectual and a pseudo-intellectual?  One knows shit. One makes shit up to sound like they know shit. This isn't a joke. I'm serious. A pseudo-intellectual uses less common words or long-winded descriptions in the hope you are either ignorant or not paying attention. Pseudo means fake. Pseudointellectual: "i'm intelligent, knowledgeable and have great wisdom"

Intellectual: "I'm quite ignorant, have much to learn and often make mistakes" Someone that's actually intelligent will not believe that they actually are, or will down-play it. Psuedo brags about being intelligent. A nihilist would say, "there is no difference". What's the scariest humanoid creature you've heard of?  Presidential candidate Donald Trump. Skinwalkers Adam Sandler homo sapien Iggy Azalea Actual cannibal Shia LaBeouf Your mom, obviously The rake. Dear god it screams. And the way it moves... Aliens, and I don't mean Mexicans.

From the odd stories I have heard, they have technology to teleport into your home, subdue you with their mind, and extract semen, eggs, and embryos.

I don't believe a lot of these stories, but they do sound freaky nonetheless. People talk about how human activity has driven many species to extinction. Which animals went extinct in our lifetime? [serious]  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_extinctions_in_the_Holocene

Here you go! * West African Black Rhino - Declared extinct in 2011  

* The Golden Toad - Last sighted 1989 and declared extinct in 2007  

* The Baiji Dolphin - Last sighted in 2002, not yet officially listed as extinct but following a massive expedition failing to find any sightings in 2006 it almost certainly is.  

* Hawaiian Crow - Last two know wild individuals died in 2002 although there are captive specimens still alive it is officially extinct in the wild.  

* The Pyranean Ibex - Became extinct twice in 2000, the last known specimen died when a tree fell on. It was '*unextincted*' after being cloned from skin cells but the clone died shortly after... two extinctions for one species in one year is pretty unlucky.  

* Black Faced Honey Creeper - Last seen in the wild in 1998, one known captive specimen died in 2004.  

* Holdridge's Toad (*possibly*) - Declared extinct in 2004, however a small population has since been discovered in 2012, although the size of the surviving population means it is unlikely to survive many more generations.   

* The Eastern Cougar - Believed to be extinct in 2011 confirmed extinct last year following five years with no sightings or evidence found.   

* The Formosan Clouded Leopard - A sub species of the (also highly endangered) clouded leopard that lived exclusively in Taiwan declared extinct in 2013  

* The Japanese Otter - Likely extinct far earlier, but officially declared extinct in 2012 following no sightings for 30 years.  

* The Pinta Island Tortoise - Officially listed as extinct in 2013 when the last known specimen died.  



'Within our lifetime' is obviously a bit of a hard constraint when I don't know how old you are so I stuck to just post 2000, and I ignored little things like bugs etc. sticking to just what most people consider 'animals' Daniel Day-Lewis has agreed to be in a sitcom. What is the sitcom about?  *Arachnidad!*    
It's about a family man who is slowly turning into a spider.    
Daniel Day-Lewis will, uh, find a way. He's the leader of his local, upstart Klan group who runs into humorous situations trying to get them to be taken seriously. He basically plays version of himself, researching roles. But, instead of an Academy Award winning actor, he's a grocery store manager who is always auditioning for the local community theater. During the pilot, he is trying out for a Shakespeare piece, so he insist that his employees address him as Hamlet, he tries to send his girlfriend to a nunnery and attempts to murder two of the baggers, Reggie and Geoff. Of course, it all ends with him not getting the part, despite all the times he held up an avocado and proclaimed, "Alas, poor Yorick....!" What sneaks up on you in your 30's?  Fat A son you never knew you had Health problems, for sure. Take care of yourselves, kids! Untrustworthy farts How long it takes for injuries to heal. I used to be able to be good a day after whatever happened, now if I sleep on something wrong it hurts for a week. The urgent need to rub butter on your 30 year old saggy nipples. Your own mortality. Pretty much constantly experiencing some kind of minor pain or discomfort. Age. Your 40's Responsibility. Erectile dysfunction Hangovers suck. The realization that you have crossed some invisible threshold and are now officially "too old for this nonsense". 

Am 32, have loved roller coasters since I was a kid. Took my 9 YO son to six flags for the first time this summer. I realized I am now too old for this roller coasters nonsense. I rode 4 rides and spent 3 days recovering. Last time I went, I was maybe 27, and rode rides all day with no adverse effects.

Last weekend I went to a concert with my SO. We do this all the time, but this particular show all the tickets were general admission. We get there and there are no seats in the venue. Not one. In the not too distant past, this would have hardly rated notice. Not anymore! 4 1/2 hours of standing and being jostled and we were both dying. Too old for this nonsense!

Aforementioned show didn't start until 8 pm. We have never cared about such things, but we were both on the fence about going because we knew we'd be freaking exhausted by the end. Too old for this nonsense! I guess everything that didn't sneak up on you in your twenties. Thinning hair and gray hair showing up 

E: also body weight shifting around A better sense of yourself. Enjoy it! Slower metabolism. All that junk food, pizza and booze from your younger years left its mark. If you could pick the last person you were on earth with who would it be?  Someone who'd be up for it Margot Robbie.  It's the only chance I'll ever have with her. My love Is life down South better than the Northeast and how so?  Dongbei gets way too damn cold. Guangdong has a much better climate, if you ask me. It also has plenty of jobs, and the girls are pretty. So yeah, I'd say life down south is better. The food sure is better. West is best. Between those two, I'd certainly take the NE though. The South tends to be poor and muggy. The food is better for sure, and thus the South leads the nation in obesity.  People also tend to be very polite and courteous. The food is better, that's for sure. The weather is hit-or-miss though. Also, an anti-intellectualism runs through things, which in my line of work (academia), makes things a bit difficult. Not better, but also not worse. There are big differences in food, weather, cost of living, informal language, etc. 

But I think the northern and southern halves of the country have a lot more in common than we have differences, especially now that everyone is so connected by technology. 

Neither is inherently superior. It just depends where you'd like to be. yeah, we have looser buttholes. Me and my sister are doing great why do you ask? It's great if you loves Jesus and never questioning social convention. West coast > NE >> South People aren't fucking dicks to each other down here Hmm! So good! (Yes) Hey reddit, it's me. What's a quick and easy snack to make?  Chips and Salsa ! Peanut butter on spoon eat a tomato PB&J I personally like to fill a goblet with the blood of my enemies for those 2 o'clock hunger pangs. Refried black beans. Shredded cheese. Microwave. Get some chips and bam! Amazing snack or even meal. Really hits the spot when I'm itching for something savory. Peanut butter and dog tongue.

Licking my genitals. Mmm From the sound of it,dick. How long did it take for you to accept yourself as the black sheep in your family and how did you learn to do it?  It took me a few years. Moving out really helped. I was able to find independence and find out who I really was: a lazy, hungry engineering student. Around age 18. I was just tired of hiding who I am. It was making me depressed. Still working on accepting it. I know they all love me unconditionally, which makes it easier than I imagine it would be. My wife is the black sheep of her family. She doesn't smoke, drink, has stayed married to her first husband. It all depends what you consider a Black Sheep to be. It took me breaking both of my arms. What's your favorite History fact that not many people know?  The Soviet Union's (CCCP's) reaction to the first McDonalds. Another reason I love the 90s. 

http://mashable.com/2015/01/31/russia-mcdonalds-1990/#TJ08xktCHGqc Napoleon had six toes on his left foot. His friends in high school used to call him "Prends-moi par derrire " which means "Extra toe on a foot" The last execution by guillotine and the first Star Wars were in the same year. The defenestration of Prague before the thirty years war when some bohemian aristocrats threw three men out of a three story window where they landed in a pile of manure Winston Churchill and Malcolm X died the same year.

The Indus Valley civilization (2,600-1,900 BC) and the Minoan civilization (2,000 to 1,600 BC) both had flushing toilets. During the Cuban Missile Crisis, along with the two ICBM nuclear tipped warheads Russia had stationed on the island that the CIA knew about, they had also deployed roughly a dozen tactical battlefield nuclear weapons in case of an invasion. Had JFK decided to send US troops to Cuba they would have been decimated by this nuclear arsenal which would likely have triggered a catastrophic nuclear exchange, possibly ending life on this planet altogether. Human cities were an unending torrent of poop and waste from 15000 bce to the early 1900's. . What was your best or most intense game of Mario Kart?  Since when is mario kart considered intense? Lol We were sitting in a sweaty, dimly lit room. Her beautiful, blue eyes occasionally darted my way as I tried my best to concentrate on the screen. She was my best friend and I hadn't seen her in a while since she had moved away. She had become an unimaginably gorgeous woman during her time away. She was still as competitive as ever. The game wasn't the center of my attention, but I was still trying to beat her. She was was beating me until I put the controller down and kissed her. What's that one video that you watch over and over again?  [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) [You want some hot karma?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6QbfG8LWLfA) [This guy freaking out over his haircut. Had me in tears](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=TzBDpdhC8Hs) The Zapruder film A video I made with a neighbor's 18 year old daughter when I was 29. Specifically her face when I put my dick in her butt. Norm MacDonald tell "The Moth Joke" on Conan. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iw_BE_X9sA [Tyler, the Creator dancing to Gasolina by Daddy Yankee.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JFNXueSRLQ) Redditors who have lived in the city and the country what are the Pros/Cons?  City: Loud, diverse, active, convenient, cultured, tolerant, busy, concrete, pollution, aggression, progressive, rats, clown sightings

Country: quiet, peaceful, natural, spread out, insects, stars, stagnant, slow, clean, neighborly, Sasquatch sightings I was raised as a country boy but after college I moved to cities. I've lived in  several of the large cities in the US.  Four years ago I moved back to the country in rural Georgia. 

 When you are young and engaged in your career it can be fun living in the city. Obviously there is a lot of culture and nightlife which is exciting when you're in your 20s maybe early 30s. However once you have a family and are far enough in your life that you want to get away from those things living in the country provide you the ability to not have to deal with the people that you cant stand that you used to live with in the city. Country is great, but everything is far away. City is cool because every thing is close, but the people and the traffic are miserable City: better internet, closer emergency healthcare, bigger variety and hours of available services What do you think will be the next gunpowder, the next world changing invention?  Advanced exoskeletons. Cheap Genetic Modifications. Portable rail guns. MechaHitler Quantum computing. We are getting close and it will be night and day Cold fusion.

The ability to create clean, renewable energy.

It changes *everything.*

And this is a scientific discovery that is actually possible.  And if it happens this means:

* Stopping global climate change and CO2 buildup and restoring the environment.
* No more middle eastern conflict - nobody will fight over oil reserves - it's irrelevant.
* The small number of multi-national corporations that have held untold amounts of cultures and communities hostage will have much less power and influence.
* People can live anywhere... we can de-salinate the oceans and create plenty of fresh water.   We can bring heat to cold regions and cool to hot regions.
* New advances in farming and food production with unlimited renewable energy, no more hunger and famine

It's possible we'd enter a new age, of enlightenment, perhaps where, without war and famine and conflict, we'd focus on art and knowledge and wisdom.... it could happen at any time.... we just have to find this technology. Space lasers I'd be surprised if there another transistor or wheel type invention. I think it will be evolution of technology currently existing in labs only. Cyanide pills labeled "Intelligence Enhancers" What specific thing makes you the most grateful to be born in this generation?  Smartphones Access to the Internet and the ability to learn anything you want Advancements in technology Staggering social anxiety What's the best thing that the internet has done for justice?  A conduit for Linux distros to be downloaded from iso files. It allows for the sharing of footage that makes cover-ups harder. Fyi I'm not juat talking police, I'm talking about cover-ups by corporations as well. We didn't even get justice for Harambe so does it even matter? You can be part of an angry mob from the safety of your keyboard. Pizza deliverers of reddit, what is the most unusual/funniest thing you've ever seen while delivering a pizza?  Manager/Driver at dominos. Craziest thing I saw was a domestic dispute, right out front of the apt. building. They were fighting, like fuckin tooth and nail fighting, until I pulled up. I got out of the car and went into the building hoping that this couple wasn't the people who wanted the pizza. Immediately, both parties STOP FIGHTING ENTIRELY and just walk up to me like they weren't just fucking rolling on the ground beating the shit out of each other. I give them their pizza, and they gave me a 6$ tip. They go inside and I go back to the store. Fucking bizarre I pulled up to this house and their were two women (mid 20s) sitting on the porch with a freshly opened case of beer. 

Apparently they had locked themselves out and had walked down the street and used the only cash they had on them to get some beer. So, if I wanted to get paid I'd have to help them bust into their house. 

This was a less than high class area and shenanigans like this were fairly common, and I tried to keep a positive attitude, y'know find the humor in the situations. So I helped the one woman up into a fairly high window and she came out the front door with a $5 tip. 

They tried to get me to stay and have a beer, but alas, I had already been gone too long, and pizza duty calls. 

Maybe not the craziest story I have but easily one of the most memorable UFOs What are the Pros and Cons of the IANA takeover by ICANN?  ICANN did not "takeover" the IANA. ICANN was created back in 1998 to perform the IANA Functions and it has done so continuously since its creation.  What has happened is that the contract between the US Dept. of Commerce and ICANN has expired, transferring the contractual oversight of the IANA Functions contract from the US Government to the community that creates ICANN's policies for the creation and administration of top-level domains (.COM, .JP, .SUCKS, etc.), allocation of large blocks of IP addresses to the regional Internet registries (AfriNIC, APNIC, ARIN, LACNIC, and RIPE-NCC), and management of protocol parameters on behalf of the IETF.

In terms of pros, other than removing the US government from the root zone change request loop (changes proposed by TLD managers and sent to ICANN used to have to be authorized by the US Government prior to implementation by Verisign: this added needless delay and created a political sore point for every other country on the Internet since country code TLDs are considered sovereign resources), probably the biggest pro is that it removes an argument from the countries like Russia, China, Iran, etc., who would argue that because of the US government's role in ICANN (particularly the root change requests management stuff) Internet governance discussions should move to the ITU.

In terms of cons, it provided some folks who knew better plenty of opportunity for political grandstanding. It also made the largely boring task of Internet identifier management, which was already Byzantine, significantly more complicated with a raft of new committees and accountability mechanisms. ICANN and "pros" are never used in the same paragraph. What is the most iconic and instantly recognizable album cover of all-time?  For me it's Pink Floyd - The Dark Side of the Moon. Nirvana. Nevermind. Enough said. Abby road. Dookie - Green Day Purple rain if you're reading this it's too late What video games have you not been able to finish, and why?  Clash of clans.  
  
Seriously, Ecco the dolphin on Sega dreamcast. I could not get passed the stupid tunnel eel boss and gave up. Command and Conquer 4: Tiberium Twilight.  It is difficult to play an RTS game when there are no enemy bases to destroy and the enemies keep streaming in from off screen.  I seriously gave up after the first level. I am not capable of finishing any video game, if there is no competitive edge to it then i will get bored after 2 minutes, it sucks because there are so many great SP games. Darksiders 2, god of war 2 - the rest. Because I have not devoted time to beating them. Too many, tons of games I never finish either because I move onto something else or it never gets me interested early. 

Couple some examples I remember of my head though

Blue Dragon - for the life of me, I could not defeat the first damn dragon. No matter how many tries or guides I followed I would fail. 

Mirrors Edge - I'd often lose interest when the enemies got guns (which is early), I mostly just played time trails after that Legend of Zelda Majora's Mask on N64

Sequel of Ocarina of Time, Majora's mask featured a different type of timeline where you play on repeat through a 3 day period before you need to "reset" time before you die and the game ends. During this 3 day period, you can save incrementally throughout the world at these owl statues.

What I didn't realize is... once you load the game at one of these owls, if you don't save again, then the game loads at the previous time you "reset" the 3 days. I loaded at an owl, got called down for dinner, turned off the game before re-saving and lost more than 50% of my progress. I quit playing the game after that JAK 2. Final boss fight used all my ammo died restart with less ammo and gave up If you were planning a scary movie marathon, what films would be on your must-watch list?  Scary Movie 1,
Scary Movie 2,
Scary Movie 3,
Scary Movie 4,
Scary Movie 5 A Tale of Two Sisters, The Babadook, John Carpenter's The Fog, Paranormal Activity, Suspiria, [rec], and The Strangers The Thing, The Exorcist, Alien, Poltergeist, Day of the beast, Return of The Living Dead, stephen Kings *IT*, 2001 a space oddisey, Evil Dead 2, Evil Dead remake, The Mist, 30 Days of night. The Gate is a hidden gem. **The classics:**

Friday the 13th

Halloween

A Nightmare on Elm Street

Night of the Living Dead

Pet Sematary

The Shining

The Texas Chainsaw Massacre

They Live

Evil Dead 2



**Modern must-sees:**

Trick 'r Treat

Hatchet

Shaun of the Dead

It Follows

You're Next

I also loved Blair Witch, despite the negative reviews



**Indies:**

Contracted

Green Room

The Upper Footage

Feast

Creep John Carpenters The Thing, the shining, silence of the lambs(not really a horror movie in my opinion but some say it is), Texas chainsaw massacre (1970s one) Halloween, poltergeist (the original one), the descent, the orphanage( it's in Spanish btw), IT, cujo, pet Sematary, and misery (more of a thriller) I enjoyed Hush and the Babadook All originals: fright night, dead alive, night of the living dead, evil dead, Texas chainsaw massacre, my bloody valentine. 
What can I say? I like cheesy, campy horror films. The ring - Saw (1) - Sinister - The conjuring - Childs Play - Scream
Nightmare on elm street

But if you want me to turn a movie off n be scared shitless within the first couple minutes HOSTEL
I noped the fck outta the movie theatre, still to this day i have not finshed the movie One of the Texas Chainsaw Massacres movie. Event Horizon, Psycho, Halloween, Hellraiser, Cabin in the Woods The Thing (the one with Mr. Diabeetus) REC and The Ring were the only horror movies I've ever seen. I was about 16 when I first watched REC and I almost peed in my pants because it was filmed like a documentary and it felt so real to me. I'm 23 now and I still can't watch horror films.


Sorry for making a list of just two movies. The Exorcist, The Shining, Candyman. Every October I try to create a History of Horror list to go through. The basic idea is to go through the history of horror cinema, starting in the early 1900s and making it all the way to the modern era. So basically you start with the originals, like The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari and Nosferatu. Then you move into the Universal monster movies, like Dracula, Frankenstein, The Invisible Man, The Phantom of the Opera, etc. Then comes the sci-fi horror movies and giant monster movies of the 50s (like Them! and The Thing from Another World). The 60's are where it starts getting interesting (Psycho is a must watch, but you also need to see a few George Romero zombie movies). The 70s brings a real rush of slasher movies like Texas Chainsaw Massacre, The Last House on the Left, The Hills Have Eyes, and Halloween. This leads directly into the 80s, which featured even more slashers (often with more schlock and campier tones), like Friday the 13th and Nightmare on Elm Street (also, the 80s is great for all of the Stephen King adaptations that came out at the time, like Christine, Cujo, and The Shining). The 90s were all about teens dealing with manipulative serial killers and goofier movies like I Know What You Did Last Summer and Scream add levity to the marathon. The 00s is mostly gore, with stuff like Saw and Rob Zombie's House of 1000 Corpses and the 10s end the marathon with some of my favorite newer releases (like It Follows, The Babadook, The Evil Dead remake, and most recently Don't Breath).

So for those keeping score at home, my list includes (but is not limited to):

The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari

Nosferatu

Dracula

Frankenstein

The Invisible Man

The Phantom of the Opera

Them!

The Thing from Another World

Psycho

George Romero zombie movies (I recommend the original, Night of the Living Dead)

Texas Chainsaw Massacre

The Last House on the Left

The Hills Have Eyes

Halloween

Friday the 13th

Nightmare on Elm Street

Christine 

Cujo

The Shining

I Know What You Did Last Summer

Scream

Saw

House of 1000 Corpses

It Follows

The Babadook

Evil Dead (remake/reboot)

Don't Breath

Obviously I left out shit ton in order to summarize the idea, like the fun and "slimy" (idk how else to describe them) 80s movies like Evil Dead and Re-Animator. Also, I didn't include sequels, which range from awful to amazingly awful to actually pretty good to great (like Halloween 2, Jason X, and Saw 2, just to name a few favorites). Don't want to repeate sub genres in my list so...

Vampires: 30 Days of Night.  
Werewolves: Dog Soldiers  
Space: Event Horizon  
Demon: Jeepers Creepers  
Psychopath: Wolf Creek  
Animals: Rogue  

Six movies is like a whole day marathon....should be enough. The Thing

Poltergeist 

Evil Dead 1 & 2

Friday the 13th Part 3

Nightmare on Elm Street 1 & 2 The Fog (1981)

Madman (1981/82)

Nosferatu (1927)

Night of the living dead (1968)

Dawn of the dead (1978)

The changeling (1980) A group of slashers. Preferably ones with all the tropes, complete with a group who aren't super familiar with them. You know, mid-series Friday the 13th kinda stuff.

Follow it up with Behind the Mask and listen to them wonder if they could be a masked psycho too. Alien.
Psycho.
Sinister.
The Ring.
Silent Hill.
The Omen.
The VVitch.
The Others.
The Shining.
The Grudge.
28 Days Later.
The Conjuring 1 & 2.
Paranormal Activity 1 & 3.
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre. 

Movies on my to see list. 
As Above, So Below
The Audition None. [Serious] When you witness an accident are you the kind of person who stops to help, stops to gawk, doesn't stop at all, or "other"?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I help if I'm one of the only people around. I don't have much medical knowledge so I'd let other people help if it was a busy place. If I'm the only person around, I'd help... But when I see an obvious crowd around the accident, I won't stop at all. I help in whatever way I can. A few times I've called 911 for people. I've been all of those one time or another though I try not to gawk anymore. It depends on how big of a rush I'm in, and if there is a likelihood someone else will help. Just yesterday I saw a person sitting on the curb with their legs dangling in the street who looked disheveled possibly homeless. As I slowed down i saw that the guy had his pants down just past his butt and he sitting on a sewer grate. That's when I realized he was just taking a dump. I didn't bother to stop and help. I happened to be outside of my job on a break when I saw a lady I had just spoken with run a red light and t-bone some poor girl at 35-40. I ran over to make sure her car was turned off and try to keep her calm while I was phoning an ambulance, I don't remember if anyone ran over to check on the lady though.

It didn't help that she put her vehicle in reverse and floored it over a median, across two lanes, up a sidewalk, and into a pole. By the time she came to a stop she was about 80 yards away. I help, if the police are there or it's not serious. I'm on my way I have something to do otherwise I wouldn't be driving I help, if the police are there or it's not serious. I'm on my way I have something to do otherwise I wouldn't be driving What scandal would change your mind regarding the upcoming presidential election?  None.  This election has seriously scraped the bottom of the barrel when it comes to candidates.  This also includes the Libertarians and the Green Party.  We are truly living a "no matter who wins, we all lose" scenario right now. If Hillary was outed as a sleeper agent from CHGynah. I can't stand Hillary Clinton, but short of murdering a member of my family, she's getting my vote. The TV preemptively backed a candidate. Then I would finally feel the Johnson. What is something seemingly insignificant in your life that actually gives you a lot of meaning?  Making people enjoy themselves. When you say "a lot of meaning" does it have to be a good meaning or a not-so-good meaning? Starlight. I hear we are all made of [star stuff.](http://www.roadkilltshirts.com/Assets/ProductImages/PS_0634_VAN_RIVER.jpg) What fictional character are you attracted to more than you care to admit?  Bernadette from The Big Bang Theory. Jesus on the cross, with those sexy ass abs Adam Jensen. Harley Quinn Girl on Orphan Black Rose Tyler from Doctor who

Felicity smoak from arrow What's your "let's not meet" story?  When I was talking to a girl and I was rlly into her 
And then she literally sent me the message *snugglez you* 
Safe to say we stopped talking after that How do you cope/overcome regrets ?  I don't Process and let go. What game would you rate 0/10?  Russian roulette 52 card pick up Transformers: Convoy no Nazou for Famicom E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial for Atari 2600. Viva Piata for the Xbox 360 Resident evil 6 Monopoly. Women of reddit, how would you feel about getting an unsolicited vaj pic?  Let's find out Don't let women hog all of the unsolicited vag pics!! Guys like them too!! Everybody loves a vagina. I'm straight and have a boyfriend, so I wouldn't be interested in the slightest. Sorry! What is the best page you've found on the internet (describe or link it)?  [Zombo.com](http://www.zombo.com). You can do anything at Zombo com. The only limit is yourself. Its not up anymore but I remember there was this game called gushers hotel or something to that effect. There was a main lobby and your room, and in the main lobby you could type in any players name and say you forgot your room password. Now the password questions were ridiculously easy on these (Whats your favorite color/ect) Me and my brother would abuse this (Type in redman20 and then his obvious favorite color) and go into their room.

Next we would place down these decorations which constantly made a blue splashing effect that covered the screen and put them EVERYWHERE, effectively making it impossible to click or edit your room.

We were little monsters, but we took pride in our so called *hacking* What is the funniest/weirdest thing you have heard someone say in their sleep?  "Turn off those towels!!" When I was 16 or so I was friends with twins. Both asleep.. one tells the other to get in the van. Then she replies i m already in the van bitch. My friend just started screaming as loud as possible " MOTHERSHIP" My boyfriend is a sleep talker. I have heard things like him singing "let it go" but making up the words he doesn't know, to him quoting a Trailer Park Boys character and the name of a previous contestant on American Idol. An ambulance went by the window and my girlfriend went "Wooooo" perfectly in tune with the siren. I've only been dating my gf for 4 months, but I've already started a list of weird things she says in her sleep.

"You'd look better in fancier shoes."

"Don't pee on my toilet paper."

"Get your own cream of mushroom, you fucking Nazi"

"Want me to teach you how to play Minecraft?" (She's never played minecraft)

"Spaaaaaamcakes."

"Jesus is coming after you."

And, a recurring dream she denies having, 

"You can't eat me. I'm a chilli pepper and you'll vomit." With "vomit" in a sing-songy falsetto voice. I talk so much crap in my sleep. My ex used to wake me up, laughing because of the conversations he'd have with me. I know this is cliched, but one of my girlfriends sat up in bed while asleep, said 'I want a fucking pony right now', laid back down, and continued slumbering. 

She had a tendency to sleep talk and occasionally sleep walk, so there were a range of odd and entertaining things she'd say. One time a sleeping friend suddenly got up and and said:

Friend: where is it? Where is it?

Me: where is what?

Friend: the spider!

Me: what spider?

Friend: it already happened to me. It bit me and I went to the Hospital.

Then he laid down and continued sleeping. And I was like what the fuck was that. 
Later I told him the Story and he could not remember anything. And he was never bitten by a spider. My SO in the middle of the night was stirring causing me to wake up... She was saying "rocket fuel, fill it with rocket fuel... Done?... Good?..." 

She then proceeded to lift her leg up and let out an awesome trombone fart :D :D :D Why do you waste your time on Reddit?  Time spent on something that brings you enjoyment is not time wasted. To distract myself from more pressing responsibilities. Because pooping Why do you waste your time making posts on websites you clearly think are pointless? Facebook has too many shit ads/clickbait Graduate students, how much are you in debt for and how'd you pay it off?  Free education FTW I owe $80000 still. I may never pay it off. In the States or somewhere else ? 100,000. Its the only legacy I'll leave behind I'm sure.   

Actually it's not *that* bad. I make enough (...finally. After 5 years.) where I can save and make bigger payments. I'll probably pay it off just in time to start paying my kids' loans. What's something you want to get into but just can't no matter how hard you try?  Op's Mom Working out.  It just never works... out. Anime, love it but I can't believe how long they run Coding. I just dont know where to start. Surfing Life I love baking, but I can't seem to decorate cakes more than your average slathering of butter icing on top. I rarely find either the time or the will to practise. Elite social groups. I need money and status. I have neither. Understanding modern art. Why are there two Sonic The Hedgehog Subreddits?  Sonic is too fast for just one subreddit. How old are you and what age do most people think you are?  I don't know how old I am. Most people think im in my late 20s or early 30s. Sounds about right. I know I was in school still when pokemon came out, so I have to be at least 27. I'm 47, most people assume I'm 22. No one has ever actually said that but that's what I've decided to assume that they assume. I am sixteen and I think that most people guess accurately. 32, people usually guess between 24 to 26. 17, upwards to 25 about to turn 30, people think im ~~14 years old~~ HUGH MUNGUS. I'm 21. Most people think I'm mid 20s. 21, usually estimated at 26-28. Naturally peppered hair helps. 33, people guess mid-twenties, especially if I'm clean shaved. I'm 39. Most people think I'm 28-29. I'm 19. I get early 20's a lot. But without makeup I get 17. I'm 19 and some people I met thought that I was 14-16. I'm 23. Most people guess that I'm between 18 and 20, though. I'm 20. People think I'm 12. So yeah. 12 year olds hit on me. Fuck my life I'm 39, but I'm told I look like I'm in my late 20's. Sometimes this makes it real hard to be taken seriously when first meeting with new clients. 24 and most people thing I'm 17 or 18. 41 - most everyone knows I'm at least 40, maybe 39 if they don't know me. 20. People would guess anything from 20-40...it's the beard and glasses... 47, but most people say I look much younger, like mid 30s... 28 I've been getting 19 a lot lately. 27... With a beard people think I am in 30s - Shave, people think I am 21

Eh! 46, usually people think I'm in my mid to late 30s. My husband is 39, people think I'm slightly younger than him. im 100035 and often get confused for 90064 I'm 38, and people often guess 25. How has your life changed for the better in the past 10 years?  Stronger orgasms. Finished college with a science degree, got married to the love of my life, moved to Colorado!!! Pretty sweet. Fiancee, apartment, money. In every way my life is better. Absolutely! While I've had some health issues, I'm in a much better place than I was in 2006. 

- Moved out of town I was "stuck" in for a few years doing menial minimum-wage work.
- Left crazy girlfriend
- Graduated College
- Left Florida
- Married non-crazy girl
- Got a Master Degree
- Working on PhD I make more money and as such can bang more hookers. I found a 1960 nickel. That's about as good as my life is ever gonna get Moved from the UK to China. I now have a job I enjoy, with little stress. I'm eating healthier, lost weight, and exercise regularly. And I went from 0 to 3 partners (I'm poly). Life is very much better! What is a movie clich that you have experienced?  Whenever i m in a hurry to get away, the car struggles to start. As a black male I get shot at by the cops all the time Who has worse hair than Seor Trump?  Senor Shatner. (I don't how to do the swoosh) Don king Seor Chang la re contra vieja Clinton Seor Boris Johnson Bartenders of Reddit; what is the most awkward encounter you witnessed between two drunk people flirting?  My roommates a bartender not me, but one night while I was at the bar he works at we watched this kid that just turned 21 get way to drunk and start making out with this lady that had to be in her late 50s early 60s. She was rough looking, like she looked like she'd been picking up dudes at the bar since she was 21 and never stopped. The kid ended up leaving with her and me and my roommate just laughed about how he was gonna regret it in the morning. Not a bartender but I witnessed some aggresive finger banging in a Berlin bar I saw a guy walk up to a girl, she slapped him.  He immediately repeated the same thing to her friend, got slapped.  He went down the line and girls turned away, slapped him, or threw a drink in his face.  No pause from one girl to the next.  After a dozen, he got bounced.  I never found out what was asked, and so I can only appreciate his tenacity.  Somewhere there is a princess out there that will choke this guy while shitting on his chest on camera and he is gonna find her.  Drink are almost never actually thrown in a bar, but this got at least one. I was bartending and had this couple that were sort of regulars. She would order more buttery nipples than anyone should ever order... Ever... 

After her 8th buttery nipple, she called me over and asked with her increasingly slurring speech she asks me "hey. D'youwanna know why I always zrink buttery nipples?" and then flashed me her boobies for an extended moment right next to her boyfriend. He was not so happy with her, but it didn't ruin their night... So that was cool. Not a bartender. But I used to be that guy who would walk around a party with a handle of Fireball and take shots with random people/friends.
Okay, so this particular party me and a good friend of mine were observing our friend who when obscenely drunk tended to do some dumb ass shit. We notice he's talking to a bombshell blonde over by the fire, so we walk over to these two random chicks and start talking to them and taking a couple swigs. 

Anyways, we get into this conversation until our friend, who at this point  is slurring and just talking himself up, says "Yeah, you can call me BoBo, only my mom calls me that." It was one of the most surreal moments of my life. Me and my friend turn towards each other with open mouths and at the same time yell "BoBo!" And immediately lose our shit and run away laughing giddily like two middle school girls. 

But yeah, he doesn't remember saying it but I'm sure that woman will remember forever. I know I will. ITT: "Not a bartender, but..." Saw a guy walk out and barf outside the bar, he was making out with a girl he hooked on a semi regular basis about 3 minutes later.  Guess she was also too drunk to recognize the barf breath. I witnessed two middle age people make out aggressively on a bar patio. A lot of clearly visible tongue.  Eventually everyone on the patio is focusing on the very public display of affection.

A stranger walks up behind the man, and starts petting the man's head. I watched the man's facial expression change from satisfaction to angry confusion very quickly. He tries to start a fight with said stranger.  A bouncer intervenes, but the make-out artist is still upset. Gets into with the bouncer, mockingly slaps his face lightly. Bouncer had none of that, and aggressively removed him from the patio. People clapped. Incoming "not a bartender" on "bartenders of Reddit" thread. What is everyone's thoughts on the recent clown sightings? And why do you think people are doing this?  it started out funny and since people like to copy funny things it spreads. but now these people dressed as clowns are committing violent crimes like stabbings and armed robbery. i don't think it will be too long before some of these clown catch bullets especially in stand your ground states and hopefully that ends the stupidity. they are ruining one of the better holidays out of the year because they are an actual threat and put people in danger It's a long elaborate plan to make people hate clowns again before they release the new It. Some people took it too far after it spread. I can't help but think this was all started by one innocent clown walking home after working a kids party because his clown car was in the shop and stepped into the woods to take a tinkle. One nervous little old lady calls the cops, the media catches wind of it, next thing you know there is a swarm of copy cats. #clownlivesmatter What sightings? well it turned out to be a 13 yr old girl in pennsylvania making some threats. its prob just bored teenagers or there is a big problem They're definitely not humans. What is, in your opinion, the best trailer ever made?  Gotta be this one 

https://www.trailersuperstore.com/shop/cam-superline-5-x-8-dump-trailer-5k-advantage-series/ Airstream. They're timeless and awesome. Watchmen The one for the onion movie was pretty good Funny Games, the self awareness of that trailer still amazes me Airstream. The hateful eight even though it oversold the movie hard 2015 trailer The trailer for Assassins Creed: Unity. I watched it dozens of times by myself and with friends. Even got me into Tears for Fear. Poor game sadly. Where did you get your favorite piece of art and what's the story?  What's the hardest thing to teach a young person?  Anything if you don't lead by example. Patience.           
I don't even know if this is something that CAN be taught. I think it's something that everyone has to learn for themselves. Nuclear physics. Patience and empathy. I still have neither. why its important to save money Respect, integrity, patience. How to use the potty. When they start sitting themselves while your doing dishes or laundry because your attention isn't on them for the moment. To save their money for the future. Patience and empathy Sex What's something funny under $5 you can send to your friends as a joke?  a dollar wrapped in duct tape A bag of dicks the gummy variety Watch billy Madison. And make sure they own some boots. What cover is better than the song?  Hurt by Johnny Cash All along the watchtower by Hendrix. I love Bob Dylan but still. Knockin on Heavens Door By Guns N' Roses Natalie Imbruglia: Torn Tainted Love by Soft Cell Leah Guest's version of "7 Years."

Megan Nicole's version of "Let It Go." Bastille - What Would You Do? (City High cover)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHppImpaofQ Faith No More - Easy

Nobody's ever gonna belt that shit like Mike Patton can. Anything originally by Bob Dylan Pretty much every song by jasmine Thompson or anything by pentatonix Shinedown's version of Simple Man Which scary movie has the best jump scares?  [deleted] What are some habits that you always do even when it doesn't make sense?  An example is that I lock my bathroom door even though I know no one else is home. Bite my nails. I'm a monster Smoke weed everyday You have the ability to end any persons career (famous or not). Who would it be and why?  Hillary for being a murderer and idiot. Becky in accounting. Fuck you Becky. Adam Sandler. It has to stop. The Kardashians All of the kardassians and ther immediate associates. The total hollowness is making cobain roll in his grave. Everything he feared and hated about pop culture has become a reality 10 fold. Donald Trump Justin Bieber. Because. Biebers... Donald Trump needs to stop. He hasn't paid taxes in 20 years. He hates fat people, women, Mexicans, any religion that isn't his which we are unsure about, hates black people and breastfeeding moms. Anyone who has said no to him..he's just a big orange toddler. What occupation name becomes 100% better when the phrase "to the stars" is placed after it?  Ambassador  
High-rise construction Animal semen collector to the stars Custodian to the stars Astronaut? Dank Memer to the stars What first thought in the morning makes you roll over and go back to bed?  It's Sunday "Do I want to get up and got to work, or keep building this go-kart with my ex-landlord?" "Oh, I'm still alive...." (if) its raining It's so cosy. What song does 99% of people like?  Never Gonna Give You Up - Rick Astley White Christmas- Bing Crosby Bohemian Rhapsody.  


I believe it's still the most recognized song in the world, and it's just great. Mr. Brightside - The Killers We Will Rock You - Queen pretty woman- Roy Orbison. sexual healing - marvin gaye Ill submit one.

[Crazy, Gnarls Barkley](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bd2B6SjMh_w) Nile - Papyrus Containing the Spell to Preserve Its Possessor Against Attacks from He Who Is in the Water The Space Jam theme song. Gets me so pumped up. I've yet to meet someone that didn't like No Rain - Blind Melon. Happy Birthday. - cept the hovas. How do people get free stuff in exchange for positive reviews on big commercial websites?  Write a very negative review and let the free stuff roll in What's the loudest thing you can buy for $25 or less?  milk jug, 2 pounds of ammonium nitrate and half a gallon of diesel fuel. 

if the FBI shows up, you did not get the idea from me. Shotgun shells and a hammer Air horn Me One of those annoying singing fish. Fireworks [Screaming Meanie](http://www.screamingmeanie.com) OP's mom 5 phone speakers at 5Below. A dirty whore What's an aspect of the Holocaust that you don't feel has been covered as much as it should have been?  As a Jew: the Gypsies and the homosexuals. They were rounded up just as much with as much persecution (for the most part). 
It wasn't just Jews. We can't forget that. The Nazi nuclear program. The global debate over eugenics That it wasn't just about Jewish people but a large population of mentally handicapped people, homosexuals, and other minority groups. Hitler's love for German shepherds and how losing his childhood dog made him spiral into the man he became. Gypsies and homosexuals. I have a Russian friend who always brings up the millions of Russians killed by the Nazis. That they're not the first and neither the last group to be massacred  for some shitty reason.

Also, the nazi war machine planned to conquer the whole of Europe. Considering the sheer size of the military forces needed to control that side of the continent, it needed a way to reduce costs while also creating a form of control over the average citizen.
Jews, Gypsies and homosexuals were the perfect scapegoats. The Jews and the Gypsies were foreigners, squatters, invaders, not of the land, eating 'our' food, taking 'our' jobs, spending 'our' money and stealing 'our' lands. The homosexuals were an abomination, sinners in the eye of society. It wasn't that difficult to spin a story demonizing them...
This way one would reduce the costs for food, warmth and shelter, number of soldiers needed to keep watch over the populace, make accomplices through tattletales and gain control through fear and paranoia. Nazis & the occult the fact that it happened so long its basically inconsequential in todays world. 

we still have conflict with jews in the middle east, sure but, the poor souls that died in the holocaust arent really affecting the over all situation of today are they? neither are the wrinkly tough as nails relics that survived. What is the scariest thing you have ever experienced in your life?  Not scary in the traditional sense, but my father was in a plane crash on the way home from a business trip when I was 10. 

It was late at night and I had no idea what was going on, but my mom woke me up to say she had to go to the hospital because "daddy had an accident" and our neighbor would be over to spend the night with me and my sister in case we needed anything. Waiting to find out what was going on was the worst experience of my life Being followed home Girl told me she was pregnant with my child. Most tense 3 weeks of my life. Turns out I was not the father. Sex with op's mom. Bad acid trip What is considered to be objectively "successful"?  Having your name on your desk as opposed to a nape tag around your neck Living. fame, money, power. money power and lots of cock. The internet, electricity, plumbing what is the right way to do the wrong things?  Discretely Use a vibrator at the same time Don't Do Let's say you want to commit a murder. To do a murder right you'll need a few things.

-Good murder weapon (Be a sharp knife or gun, or anything for that matter, you must be sure it gets the job done)

-Competent gloves (Warning, do NOT use latex gloves! they still leave fingerprints!) I would reccommend either leather or these orangy rubber work gloves.

-Removing bodily evidence. This is a precaution, you will need a hairnet(if you have hair), fully cut nails (Don't want to leave anything). Remember to shower before you commit the act, so any bodily things hanging on your body will be in the sewers and not next to the body.

-Isolation of your body, there is still a change there might be something bodily falling on the floor as evidence. You must a plastic garbage over your feet and tape it around a few times. No leaving footprints. Also remember to shut off any sweat glands with thick clothing, so if you touch something the sweat doesn't stick.

-Last, situational awareness. Know about your target. Which people hang around said target, when the target is alone. Be a tactician. Have a full plan laid out on exactly when and how you are going to do it. And if said plan goes wrong how you will be sure you won't die or fall into the hands of the cops.

that's all In a casual social setting, if I wanted to know what country an Asian-American person is from, how would I go about asking him/her?  I usually ask what ethnicity they are if I'm interested. I'm married to a southeast Asian woman. She hates it when ppl ask about that kinda thing. If your looking to date them, just hang out with them and eventually it will come up naturally, best practice is to not ask directly. Start talking about your own ancestors. They'll probably start talking about their own. [Like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_CaZ4EAexQ) My heritage is [insert here], what about you? must...not...link...to SAS... Well, "Asian-American" means an American of Asian descent, so technically, your question doesn't make sense.  The person is from America.

If you're referring to a person's ancestry, you can just say "I'm curious as to which part of the world from which your ancestors came." "Which war were we in your country?" "What country are you from ?" is a simple and straightforward question with little room for misunderstanding I reckon. Why ask anything different ? What is the best question you've seen on Reddit outside of this subreddit?  Why have you banned me (previous alt was xyz) ? Why do redditors love couples but hate single people?  I hate everyone. *Especially* people. I have never seen that kind of behaviour but maybe it's because I'm still pretty new to Reddit They are miserable and want company, which is why they're on reddit. They prey on the weak. Natural selection an all that They hate people who whine about being single. Fair enough, no one likes whiners. What's a product that works well but makes you look like a tool using it?  We all know Selfie Stick is on this list. Umbrella hats. Dont act like you dont want one, also man purses and phanny packs. Cargo Shorts Using an iPad to take photos/record video. Especially at a public performance. Those unbreakable/ protective glasses people wear playing soccer/ sports I love my onesies and pyjama jumpsuits to death. No amount of love nor money could convince me to not change into one as soon as I get home. Naturally, fluffy socks are a must.

I also used to take a banana to school every day in one of those [stupid plastic banana holders](http://www.promocatering.co.uk/images/products/c1465-05-banana_holder-v1.jpg). My friends laughed and jeered, but 'twas I who had the final laugh after enjoying my supple, intact banana. No regrets. Sleep masks. My room is somewhat bright and I can't sleep like that. When I want to sleep in, they're the best. Really dumb looking though. Bike trailers for your little shitty dogs. Crocs. They're comfortable. Clean. And durable.... Segways. They look so useful, but no way am I getting one. Also, elliptical trainers. Feel like such a dorkchop with my arms all backy-forwardy, but boy are they good for leg definition. Toilet paper. Plunger Hey Reddit, How is life treating you? are you happy with what's going on in your life?  No; fuck college apps. Meh.  Perimenopause sucks, and I'm a generally miserable person. Other than being perpetually tired it's all good. Pretty well. Own a Big house, Hot girlfriend, and adequate health insurance. Only nadir is my job paying $12.50/hr with no chance of raises in sight. Not great. Not too happy. Am single and unable to find a girl...have trouble sleeping but not so bad that I feel I need some kind of medication or something to help. My ex is around all the time to hang out with my roommate (there's nothing going on between them, he's in a relationship, and the rest of us would probably stone him for cheating...) but whenever she comes over they do exactly what we did together...only not the same media...

This is pretty much the only place I can vent about things because no one likes it when a man vents about things that aren't just pure anger and my family is awful at supporting me emotionally... Great! I was blessed with a good family and childhood. Now married to a great guy. I have always been and currently am financially stable. I have the ability to work in a field I love and so does my husband. I have a few challenges now, but overall I am very blessed. What are some unconventional ways to save money?  Make your own coffee at home, make meals at home Steal stuff Only flush once a day to save water Learn to enjoy the darkness. Don't buy beer or cigs... If you're into that...and/or live in Canada $$$ There are great ways to [save on rent](http://www.roadkilltshirts.com/Assets/ProductImages/PS_0634_VAN_RIVER.jpg) and still have water view property. [Relevant xkcd](https://xkcd.com/1567/)

[Other relevant xkcd](https://xkcd.com/1715/) Starve What Youtube video leaves you emotionally messed up?  Thai life [insurance commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZMX6H6YY1M). They crank the feels up to 11 The walking dead. My life The music video to Avenged Sevenfold's "So Far Away". RIP. https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ Surprise soldier homecomings What do you do for extra income over 500.00 a month?  Exterminate owls. I use the service Rover.com for dog sitters. I pay $72 a day for someone to watch my two dogs when I'm out of town. If you like animals and have a yard, it seems like a good gig to make extra money at home. Extrapolate Owls. Own property. Babysit in the evenings. I don't currently do it, but I did in college. Having CPR certification, legit background checks, and education in working with children made me a desirable babysitter. Getting the background checks and CPR are easy to do but do cost money. I worked in somewhat wealthy neighborhoods for families who wanted someone to actually spend time with their children and help around the house, rather than just turn on the tv and eat their food. How are job recruiters qualified to hire others for their clients?  They aren't. Recruiters do not hire, they only recruit. The customer team makes the hiring decisions because they are best suited to make those decisions. Any team that has the recruiters making hiring decisions is one to run away from. Run far far away.

Recruiters are given specs.... Client says we want candidates with these qualifications. Sometimes, there are pre-screen questions involved that will go with a submission to the team.  

Tech interviews can be anywhere from 3-5 parts depending on the company. A former employer only admits to 3 parts with 4 & 5 held in reserve for well-qualified candidates that perform well during the interviews. As a consultant my current customer does 3 part interviews for contractor and 5 for full-timers. What's your guilty pleasure?  Ordering a large deep dish pizza on Sunday and binge watching an entire season of a tv show while eating pizza all day. [this] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) Twice as much unhealthy food as would be reasonable, plus Netflix or Prime. unnecessary wanking Ghost Hunters. So ridiculous but so entertaining Literally anything off of the Taco Bell menu. [This music video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWmfNeLs7fA) Salt and vinegar chips OR chips and salsa with copious amounts of Say Yes To The Dress, or House Hunters (or any variations), and store-bought chewy chocolate chip cookies. Also pajamas. Scratching my balls Dove's dark chocolate. I'm very boring. r/relationships How do you spell "goatse?" Canned meats in general... Like, the shittier the better. Deviled ham, liver spread, corned beef hash... SPAM is gourmet compared to the shit I'm talking about. Eating too much pasta. Baths. I may be a grown man but nothing quite ends a day better than soaking in a steaming tub of lavender relaxation. WWE........I'm an 18 year old girl. Don't tell anyone because I'll deny it until the day I die. Drinking beer and watching anime/manga/tv. My wife works nights so after I drop her off at work I have a few beers and find shows. Some are for me, some for her, some for both. Smoke weed everyday I read th Daily Mail and tell my husband it 's " the real news", like mike myers' mother in So I Married an Axe Murderer. Watching My Little Pony. ABBA Sexting. It's been a long time since I have sexted and recently got the opportunity to do so. It was fun. Does being excited for a movie/game to come out make it better when it finally comes out?  No, it just increases sales. I think it does for multiplayer games. The initial rush of having a lot of people playing can make things more fun.

Otherwise no. See "Call of Duty: Ghosts" If there was a vote to make one person on Earth immortal who do you believe would be the best choice and why?  Can we bring him back to life? Because I want new episodes of Mr Rogers. George W Bush Me....cause im as good as the next person. There's a lot. I would say newton. Maybe jobs( I realize I will catch shit for that) Tim russert. Lincoln, the country would likely be much different.  

Hendrix. Jon Lennon. Cobain. 

I still think I'd go with newton. Elon Musk. 

The things that he could do for the human race with unlimited time is incomprehensible. If all human cultural history was erased tomorrow (both documented and remaining memories) but all technical and scientific knowledge remained, what culture would quickly re-emerge and what would radically change?  African culture because everything they do is so close to their heritage which in turn was inherited from nature and how they survived When you answer an Askreddit post, what is your primary motivation?  I like to see what people have to say in reaction to it. Maybe they want to build on the answer or try to refute it.

Karma is dumb I sometimes hope the thread takes off and my answer elicits more discussion Entertainment. How dare you make me question my existence? Answering. Da! karma. Glory gold and karma. Pulitzer prize ~~free advertisement for my moba~~ uh, charity. yeah. totally. Usually just to say it. Or karma... What is a dumb superstitious thing you do regardless of whether or not you believe in religion?  I don't Play with/talk to/summon Demons. I know they probably don't exist, but I don't want to risk being wrong. I believe if I tell people about plans or events I am looking forward to, they will not happen. Avoid the number 13 for some reason. Never walk under a road sign. 

Although I've been pretty ballsy lately and started walking under select one's.

My life is great I refuse to say anything negative about a vehicle while I am in the vehicle. I am convinced the vehicle can hear me and will choose to have mechanical issues if it hears something negative.

Another one is that I have a very specific order of putting on my shoes and socks. It bugs me if I do not do it this way.

Another superstition is that bad things come in threes. If something very bad happens, you can expect two more to follow soon. What would you do to wreak the most havoc if you had access to Donald Trump's Twitter account?  Post the attack on the White House scene from Independence Day and act as if it really happened. Post actual Donald Trump facts, his truth is horrifying enough Allow him to continue using it. I was gonna say 'start posting the quotes of Benito Mussolini', but I believe Trump beat me to it. Post something logical Harambe memes Endorse Bernie Sanders. Delete it Redditors that had an intimate relationship with some one you didn't know you were related to, how did it happen? And how did it play out?  Ugh OP what did you do? He was hot and into me. I didn't find out until years after we had broken up that we were biologically related. do you believe people are inherently violent? why?  Yes. Killing someone that possibly has the intention of killing or harming you is  a beneficial survival trait. Humans are inherently **competitive**, and will aggressively compete physically for scarce resources and survival in the same way they engage in competitions with their ideas or best practices. Humans will inherently defend themselves, physically to the death if necessary. However, humans are not inherently violent toward one another if unprovoked or not faced with Darwinian situations of life or death. Studies show that the existence of mirror neurons are an example of evolutionary physical manifestation of understanding and tendencies for compassion, empathy and caring for the wellbeing of their fellow species. Cases of violence based on group mentalities of race, religion, and fear are for the most part learned behaviors that have diminished over time with greater understanding. Survival instinct Yes. Human history is filled with wars and violence. We're domesticated animals- apes exactly. A certain amount of it is in our nature. Some of them Yes, there are warrior genes that are responsible for that, connect that with psychopathy and the child can be very violent if not raised properly, it's 50/50, basically luck. I made 'em that way. Because it used to be incredibly effective. Yes. Evolution Which celebrity did you encounter in a dream?  Snoop Brad Pitt.

But he left me for another dreamer, and now I have custody over our dream children. Conan. He was really nice too. I had a VIVID-ASS DREAM that Taylor Swift and I became friends. One day in the pouring rain I confessed how I loved her and wanted to prove that her fame and fortune meant next to nothing to me compared to her. We got married. It was fucking awesome cause it was a very immersive dream and by god I actually fell in love with her for what felt like 30 years.

I have since started enjoying TSwift songs... Madonna. Twice. Bill Gates It's difficult to tell. I knew who he was at the time, and that we'd met in dreams before, but I can't pin down [who he was.](http://imgur.com/a/wET1F)

Maybe Robert Smith or the lead singer of Echo & the Bunnymen? Chuck Norris as Walker Texas Ranger. I was his partner, we raided a meth lab and beat the shit out of the cooks. It was pretty sweet. Liv Tyler. I don't even find her that attractive but I had a crush on her for a week after that. Every time I've met a celebrity in a dream they died irl not long after. Th first time it happened I had a dream about Dave Thomas, the founder of Wendy's. He offered me a burger in the dream and I refused. I woke up that morning to find out he died during the night.
5 years later of so I had a dream where I met Pavarotti. He smiled and said something to me in Italian. I still have no idea what he said. Again I woke up the to find out he had died.
I met Philip Seymour Hoffman during an afternoon nap dream. He was smiling listening to music and waved me over to join him. He died later that day. Bill Murray I had a hot dream about Hugo Weaving (Mr. Smith from the Matrix) once. What is the ugliest piece of clothing you own, and why do you have it?  From your moms closet Everything, because I look like a fridge What makes you sad?  The job I applied for was taken by another guy Life. Cruelty to animals, particularly pets. These comments make me sad When I put trust in other people and they dissappoint me. No hope Thinking about my ex. I can't get enough pikachu candy to evolve one into a raichu Thinking about how I could've done better in past situations Living People exploited for the benefit of the government. People blinded into walking towards certain death because of the mistakes not made by them but by a higher power. People not being allowed to be people, but instead action figures to be played with by a divide of beliefs and policies. People being unable to accept one another, unable to rationally resolve an argument, unable to embrace, love, accept one another. People that spread hate, war, malice. It makes me sad that life comes and goes once, and yet people haven't been able to grasp on to this miracle of life and instead choose their time here to make the world sour. I feel like I have been invited to a party, yet the one guy not enjoying it is ensuring that everyone else is in a mood similar to himself. People. Being tormented by the sad clown of life. How many detentions during K-12 schooling is considered normal and what's "a lot"?  Valedictorian here, got a 1-2 a year 7th grade on I have never been but I would say a total of 5 for all 12 years would be "a lot" By "detention" I mean after-school, lunch, during-school, or weekend detentions, but not including in-school suspensions. Normal is 5 and under. I think most people fuck up at least once in high school 50-100 normal anything higher is pretty good Normal would be zero. A lot would be more than one. "How many arrests is considered normal and what's 'a lot'?" 0 would not be normal.

I received about 10 detentions a year, along with about 5 suspensions a year.

I turned out fine, educated, have money, a nice steady relationship.

0 detentions means you probably had no friends. Brides, what emotions did you feel on your wedding day?  Excitement.  Nausea.  Terror. Happiness. A little nervous. Reddit, what are you tired of other people saying is good, but it's not as good to you as it is to them when you eventually got around to trying the thing they mentioned when you asked them what things are good to try?  Pizza. It is OK but not brilliant, fantastic or even great when it comes to nice things to eat. That is why it is rarely seen on the menu at high class / expensive restaurants. If it really was so fantastic it would be sold in those places with truffles and gold leaf. Werewolves change form on a full moon. What would cause a were-redditor to change?  Losing their virginity Servers are down error messages Mention Donald Trump Dank memes I believe it a meme-dependent process... When Narwhals Bacon... What happens when you replace any word in your favorite quote with a body part?  "Crawled through a river of pussy and came out clean on the other side." It slightly changes the quote, when a name of a body part is added to it. it changes What is painful to watch?  Animals in pain The commercial for Heineken where some asshole says "heineken is world famous just like me" and my immediate thought is. "Erik Estrada after years of methamphetamine abuse?" and actually had to google to find out it's some prick named Benicio Del Toro who i've still never heard of. World Famous my ass. Everything, after being pepper-sprayed. The girl you love....love someone else. Singing or dancing in shows like Ray Donovan Seeing a guy have his nuts crushed. [serious] How so you pee in a urinal without backsplash getting all over your pants?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Angle it, dont hit the area immediately in front of you. Take your pants off. Dude, that's the sink. Aim in the hole? Go on the floor You must visit some badly designed urinals, or have very unique equipment. What is the most ridiculous reason you've had to block someone on social media for?  This arrogant kid who insulted everyone that didn't have stuff as nice as his. He went on a rant about how people shouldn't flaunt getting new cars on Facebook if the car has hubcaps. I went off on him and he un-friended me, so I took it one step further and blocked him. Like 3 years ago, back when I made YT videos, one of my followers on Twitter decided it would be fun to write an erotic fanfic about me and another YouTuber. It was really, really creepy. Only reason I've ever blocked someone: Amway What does everyone on Reddit hate on that you enjoy and why?  Religion

It speaks to my heart, mind and soul. Kanye West. He's been one of the most influential artists of the last ten years. It gets really annoying the whole circle jerk about hating him. I can't believe the horrible shit I've been reading all over Reddit regarding him and his family. Mediocre sitcoms.  I love to laugh, and I'm willing to meet a show halfway for some cheesy chuckles, if that's what it takes. Not as much now, but generally Reddit HATES pewdiepie. I think he's generally a good guy that puts out quality content and plays some interesting games. Prank Channels. Other than the kissing ones they can be pretty funny. Funny Reposts, because it's usually the better stuff that gets reposted. Joking.  People crack jokes on reddit all the time only to be treated to "do you have a source on that" (don't do it person reading this) or some other nonsense about how offended they are.  I read a comment today a guy made about men playing video games...clearly just a light hearted little joke and people had to immediately turn it into a social statement.  Lighten up, not everything has to be a lecture on individual rights. America. Every time I visit the people are super friendly, there's lots of interesting places and American products I only knew existed from TV. I also think the U.S. integrates immigrants better than any other nation with their "melting pot" model. Amy Schumer, because she's funny. It's terrifying how much Reddit and I have in common. I can't think of a single thing. Your mom is now a famous singer. What is the name of their debut single?  Google MD

Or maybe "hypochondriac" "I'd rather be dancing."

She's got a decent voice but thinks she's terrible. "I swear nobody helps me in this house!"

"God damn it, get the jellybean out of your nose!"

"If your door's shut, I'm gonna leave it open."

"Dinner's ready in five, and by that I mean twenty." what's the dankest meme?  I could show you, but it would turn you into stone. You see, cheesecaketyrant...the dankest meme...

is yourself. What are you currently taking advantage of?  free logs Your mom My penis. What is the most obsolete profession?  Horseback Mail Carriers Politician. knocker-upper. Medium what is the most disturbing movie ever made?  The last Airbender It was some sort of a small movie, it was more like amateur movie, it's called daisy's destruction, involves child porn and child torture. 

Obviously you won't watch it because it's not available for us, the average joes but the guy who recorded is in jail now. A pathetic man, very pathethic man Cannibal Holocaust.  Not to give away too many spoilers, but everything in it is fucked up and disturbing.  Everything.  From start, to finish. There will be moments where you question if the film is real because of how graphic it gets (They kill live animals in it).  It really makes you feel like it was found footage. It definitely is worth seeing, even if close your eyes when you are uncomfortable. Requiem for a Dream American History X, because the curb stomp scene, among other things  
  
Or  
  
Hard Candy Human centipede Antichrist A Serbian Film. Even if all gore and sexual scenes are censored, the storyline and turn of events will still be disturbing. Henry Portrait of a Serial Killer Oculus Irreversible The Audition. After you see that, it will always be in the back of your head, that if you ask a girl out on a date, she might keep you tied up in a burlap sack for weeks. Red State - disturbed me greatly People who stil don't know what they want to do with their life, what are you doing now in the meantime?  Dying slowly. Working at a job I can tolerate, fostering animals, and praying for Fridays Drawing anime, writing books, investigating paranormal things, being a therapist to my friend. Going to college, hoping I find something I like to major in the future. What tastes better than it smells?  Pussy A lot of cheeses. Limburger.

How to eat limburger:

Get drunk

Get more drunker

Eat the Limburger. Some people would say durian Your mom's spaghetti Kimchi Brussels Sprouts Most candy and dessert doesn't have much of a scent. Sushi Stinking Bishop- A variety of cheese so gnarly and overpoweringly whiffy that it makes the other cheese in your fridge feel bad about itself. Dead hooker meat? This is basically the Durian. Smoked Salmon. Stinky tofu. Mustard Kombucha Ass What was never fully explained/ detailed on LOST?  Why the writers stopped trying in the last season. The magnetic fields. Who broadcast the numbers from the radio tower and why. It's the whole reason the French team was there, the reason Hurley was there, one of the earliest mysteries and it was never answered. I didn't care if the numbers were important, just why they were broadcast.

There are a number of others, but that's my biggesf annoyance. Did we ever figure out why Pregnant women died during child birth on the island? Why did Ben kill Locke? Ben was totally on board with everything Locke was doing. They were super good buddies. Then, Locke says "oh by the way I had a conversation with what's-her-face," and Ben gets murdery. Zero explanation. What is the hardest thing to teach a young person?  Life lessons. 

Some things you just have to experience on your own to truly understand why everyone has been trying to tell you these things. 

Problem is, life is too short to make every mistake yourself. Do yourself a favor and learn from others mistakes. What a brick phone was. Probably quantum physics. What a floppy disk is... The techniques necessary to solve a puzzle that might take them 20-30 years to finish. Some days you just can't win. The value of money , until they earn it themselves they won't appreciate it. That worrying endlessly about their appearance and image is pointless.

Peer pressure is very hard to shake off. Baristas of Reddit, what do our coffee orders tell you about us?  As a barista of nearly three years, it tells us a lot about what kind of person you are. It is not only about the drink, but the way one orders it. The old lady that you think is going to be charming? "Give me a venti skinny vanilla latte, extra shot and extra. MAKE sure it's skinny." Dictation about the order is what clues us in to your personality more than the drink its self. The more in detail your drink is, though,  I think means that is how controlling you are about your life.

Edit: Ask me questions. I'd love to answer and offer insight. People who get a fat free mocha with extra whipped cream don't know how nutrition works How you like your coffee. No, kidding. Honestly i just hate when people ask for almond milk/soy milk etc. It's harder to steam and it bothers me when I can't get the right texture I want. What question can't you Google the answer for?  Where's my phone?

Where are my glasses?

What am I going to wear tomorrow?

What time is my dentist appointment? How many dead people the democrats have registered yo vote. How are you? How many government agencies are recording or watching this right now ? Do you love me? the next winning lottery numbers How do I use Google? The name of that song that goes doot doot de de doot bop bop wow that one What in your life would you rate 5/10?  My job. My love life. Turbulent. A good day Looks, body, number of fingers on one hand (out of total). revenge Life Who got screwed over the hardest in history?  The people of Poland. They got screwed by Hitler. And they got screwed by Stalin. The tribes native to North America.  They got screwed viciously and repeatedly. Tesla. Your mum. Everyone in North Korea. The Western Xia. Refused to send Genghis Khan Troops. He killed everyman jack of them. Destroyed garrisons, cities, emperors, armies, kids. etc. It wasn't until the last century that we could read their writing.

Wiki says:
>The destruction of Western Xia during the second campaign was near total. According to John Man, Western Xia is little known to anyone other than experts in the field precisely because of Genghis Khan's policy calling for their complete eradication. He states that "There is a case to be made that this was the first ever recorded example of attempted genocide. It was certainly very successful ethnocide." The Byzantines Germany with the treaty of Versailles Did you guys know there were indigenous people in Australia?

Were. The continent of Africa The Jews. Seems like they have constantly been screwed. The Holocaust killed 6 million and people are like that was bad let's make sure it doesn't happen again. It's estimated nearly 5 million African Americans were killed in slavery and people seem to still lose their shit if it gets brought up. Hitler.

I mean he deserved it, but wow, did his regime get absolutely fucked by the allies. Russia after WW2. Everyone thinks the USA was what ended the war, but after Stalingrad the Russians were making the Nazis retreat to Berlin. They lost around 18 million people to the war, the US maybe lost 300K-400K. No one gives them credit because, yes, communism is bad, but if we didn't have Russia as an ally we'd be eating a lot more sour kraut. Wooly Mammoths. :( Native Americans. Leibniz Robert Budd Dwyer got screwed over pretty hard. Not who but what. The truth. John of Leiden, Bernhard Knipperdolling and Bernard Krechting Henry VIII's Wives. The Jews What do you know about the coup in Brazil?  That an impeachment is not a coup. Every politician in Brazil is corrupt, so it seems Thirties and below, what technology will be hard for you to understand as a senior?  I wish there was a game show for thirties and below that would make them compete with using technology before they were born.  I think it would be amuzing. Virtual Reality. It's starting off now and I bet it will be pretty good in a few years. I don't like the idea of it, so I probably won't try it for a long time. But it will probably be tied into other intregal parts of technology that I will have to use someday... Idk how but somehow it will, and it will make me angry. Why are people so into the idea of getting off their various meds?  Because when the problem is not fixed to their liking, they assume that they don't need the medication, or that it is doing them harm.

For many cases in which people do this, they end up causing irreversible harm to themselves by going off if their medication.

Stay on your meds people The person who takes medicine must recover twice, once from the disease and once from the medicine.
William Osler, M.D. Most meds treat the symptoms and not the cause. Because many drugs have unpleasant side effects or restrict positive factors as much as they get rid of negative factors. even though a drug might successfully treat all symptoms, it may be a bad choice because the patient won't want to comply with treatment because of side effects. I have no experience here, but I suspect people don't like feeling as if their lives and mental state are dependent on a pill. It's a matter of control, I think.

Plus, people may see it as admitting defeat. No one wants to say they can't do something. And going on meds is like saying "Hey, I couldn't take care of my own issues, so I'm gonna stoop to using a pill to do so." So it could also be that. Because the side effects are worse than the "disease". How did this  symbol of the heart originate?  [Less than 3](http://ashleyblacksystems.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/Heart-Shaped-Butt-Heart-Butt-FasciaBlaster_Ashley-Black-Guru.jpg) I believe it originated from 2 hearts being tied/sewn together, symbolizing the love between 2 people. Pretty sure it's a woman bending over. butts. women butts My highschool civics teacher said it was a symbol created by Ben Franklin to represent a woman bending over and that all the founding fathers were deviants in some way so it was best not to idolize them too much What are some of the most creative TV adverts/commercials that you've seen?  The Molson Canadian 'I. Am. Canadian' commercials. Those were great The Old Spice commercials are quite interesting Old as dirt, but still one of my favs.

https://youtu.be/cUEkOVdUjHc [cheap canned pies](http://www.funnyplace.org/m/stream-mobile.php?id=16877)

[budweiser](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wH_ihfDnohI)

[Dave's epic strut](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/video/news/video-1172270/The-original-epic-strut-Money-Supermarket.html)

[castlemaine xxxx](http://youtu.be/Z023prwCkgs) Reddit, if you ran a tech company, what would your campus look like?  Similar to google, somewhere people look and think "id like to work there" and make people look forward to go to work and grow as a person Similar to google, somewhere people look and think "id like to work there" and make people look forward to go to work and grow as a person What is your favorite, child friendly joke?  Knock knock!

Who's there?

Interrupting cow!

Interrupting co--

*MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO* Q: How do you catch a squirrel?
A: Climb up a tree and act like a nut. Q. Where does a king keep his armies?
A. In his sleevies! Q: What did the sailor say on his birthday?
A: Aye Matey! What's a bear without ears?? *B*. There once was a chick that breathed through his feet. He stepped on a puddle and he drowned. :( Q: You know what they say about camping?

A: It's intense! Q: Why do gorillas have big fingers?

A: Because they have big nostrils! What's the difference between a piano, tuna, and a bucket of glue?

What?

You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna

What happened to the bucket of glue?

I knew you'd get stuck on that one. What did the pig say when his side hurt?

Oh, my achin' bacon. Knock knock.  
Who's there?
Boo.  
Boo who?  
Don't cry, it's only a joke! What's the funniest comment you've ever seen on Reddit?  This one There was a post that had 5k about NK doing something stupid like they always do. 

Someone replied with 'k' and it was the top comment with 3k What is the strangest encounter you have had as an uber/taxi/lyft driver?  [Serious] What is not okay to joke about?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* It's okay to joke about anything, i don't mind any joke. Words are just words This is genuinely up to your audience. I personally have little to no issues with anything, of it is intended as a joke. 

However I am sensitive towards others based on what they have experienced. Around a friend who lost her close grandmother to cancer, I refrain from cancer jokes. Around the slightly older crowd who feel strongly about the holocaust, I avoid those jokes. So on and so forth. So get a good idea of the people you are around, and that will answer your queation I think, *in general*, there are no topics that are completely off-limits for jokes.

That being said, obviously, certain types of jokes can upset or hurt people. You have to be aware of your audience. I love dead baby jokes. I tell them as often as I can. I would not, however, tell dead baby jokes to someone who just had a miscarriage. Anything is fair game as long as an attempt at humour is being made, even if you particularly don't laugh you understand the joke. Whether or not people get offended depends on the context and the audience. I think almost any topic is okay depending on the message. For example, if a rape joke is made at the victim's expense, it's not okay. If it's made at the rapist's expense, then it could be okay, and maybe even empowering or healing. Terrorism, especially at the airport. Nothing. Anything can be joked about in the right context. 

I've made 9/11 jokes before. I think they can be funny, but I sure as hell wouldn't say one to a New Yorker with a dead brother or something. Hurting someone's pets. If you aim a joke at a complete stranger in a public place then it is *not a fucking joke*. It is harassment. You have no idea who they are or what they are going through. Jokes about non famous individuals on the internet over something they probably can't help again, not funny. Especially true when disability and illness are involved. There is no subject too taboo for jokes, but audience plays a big part in how well it will be received. A couple who has had a stillborn baby. Serious tags. Nazism in Germany. I think all jokes should be okay to say but 
context matters IMHO. 
http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/commentators/ellie-levenson-where-jokes-are-concerned-context-is-all-1776800.html You can joke about any topic, I'd just be careful to know who exactly your joke is making fun of. If it's a darker topic, it's always best to keep in mind that it's better to be making fun of the perpetrator rather than the victim. If you are worried about what other people think you should joke about don't bother joking. In a personal social setting, if you have to ask yourself if it's in bad taste, I probably wouldn't say it.  As for comedians and comedy in a commercial setting, nothing should be off limits.  If it's unfunny it will sort itself out. surprised to see so many reasonable responses in this thread, i clicked into it expecting that every comment would be claiming how offensive every joke in the whole world is Religion. During non-work hours I'd say anything is fair game. At work, though, you really need to know your audience. Especially with stuff that could be considered sexual harassment if the wrong person heard it.  
  
Ah, I miss the good old days when harass was two words. Rape Rape, but saying that Dave Chappelle does a great bit on a man rapist that is funny as hell. So it depends on your material. Are you good enough to make a controversial topic funny? 9/11 or the Holocaust. Those will never be funny. Sorry bout it. Suicide What was the hardest thing you had to do?  Say goodbye Break up with my SO of almost 3 years because our paths were diverging and I knew that we would not make it long term. Breakups are hardest when there's no specific negative events (like cheating) or animosity. Redditors who've hired people, what are some funny stories of things you've seen on resume's, job applications and on job interviews?  **Attention!** If you plan to give examples of a bad/inappropriate email address on a resume, **do not post an email address - even if it's obviously fake**, rather use something like "[childish email here]", otherwise your comment will not be seen.

We do not allow any type of personal information, even if it's supposed to be fake. See rule #4 for more details, thanks!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* What movie is so bad it's good?  Kung pow! Enter the Fist The Room Samurai Cop "Drive Angry" is so over-the-top bad it can't help but entertain. The Rambler 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQpGbA4mHZE Troll 2 The Happening Vikingdom All the random low budget mediaeval times movies ever made. Cliffhanger Showgirls. *Starcrash*

The visual effects look cheap. The dialogue is hilarious. But it's fun and entertaining. Caroline Munro is hot. Sharknado 

Especially if you like analyzing flaws... and there are so, so many flaws Evolution Who Is Harry Crumb? 

Some of John Candy's finest work. Wolf Cop If you've never watched Crippled Masters you should.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYYbvzz4RsU Reddit, What are You Supposed to be Doing Right Now?  Sleeping Studying for my federal tax test. Practicing a piano piece which I'm supposed to have memorized in two days. Wiping Calc homework. Writing an essay applying to my college major Studying for philosophy, biochemistry, and neurobiology Painting a portrait of a hyena. eating. Writing a paper Not drinking... but here I am Programming Minion AI and the shop for my MOBA. Nothing. I'm on vacation on a small island with very few things to do. It's amazing. What's the dumbest thing someone has done to try to impress you?  Some douche bag tried to convince me he could face down a grizzly bear with nothing more than a broom handle. He continuously emphasized the importance of planting your foot behind the broom handle, as if that would help him in any way what so ever. I actually found the whole situation hilarious as it dawned on me just how much this dude must fantasize about battle rogue bears. Said he could do a backflip.

Told him to...

Fell on his neck. No one impresses me. Disappointing me... then all the time. group of us were chilling in front of the school - a hot chick walks by us and starts swinging her hips/butt like crazy trying to impress us group of guys...


She tripped over herself and smashed one of her teeth in Pretending to like Pokemon. I am a huge Pokemon fan and he pretended to be as into Pokemon as I was. It all came crashing down on him when I asked him what his favorite Pokemon was, he replied with "Pikachu". I then asked him what his favorite Pokemon was that wasn't from Kanto and he said he didn't know... Yeah, totally into Pokemon lol What are your top 3 favorite books you would recommend to anyone?  1. Hamlet - Shakespeare
2. The Great Gatsby - F. Scott Fitzgerald
3. 1984 - George Orwell John dies at the end by David Wong, Jam by Yatzhee Croshaw and Hitchhikers guide to the galaxy by Douglas Adams The Forever War

1984

https://leodfitz.wordpress.com/2016/08/15/awfully-appetizing-chapter-1/ The Hunger Games 

Room 

The Lord of the Rings Before the Fall - Noah Hawley
World War Z - Max Brooks
Post Office - Charles Bukowski Dies the fire. Fahrenheit 451. Homers Odssey. In no particular order:
1) Guns, Germs, Steel
2) Still Life With Woodpecker
3) Automate This These are not my top three, but I would recommend them to anyone:

A River Runs Through It by Norman Maclean  
Galveston by Nic Pizzolatto  
World's End by TC Boyle American Gods by Neil Gaiman

Rubicon by Tom Holland

Inferno by Dante Alighieri The Odyssey, The Aeneid, and Mogworld by Yahtzee Croshaw. The Master and Margarita,

House of Leaves,

Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal Holy bible
Holy bible
Holy bible

Yall mudafuckas need jesus What's something you wish you could forget?  My girlfriend cheating on me, I love her, but I wish I could just forget the whole thing ever happened, and have things go back to normal what are some short funny jokes?  How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? Q: What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
A: *make deep throating choking sounds* What could happen that would make you vote for Donald Trump?  * unpopular opinion warning*

For me it was more of what "happened". I'm very liberal but you can see how the media is just being spun to acknowledge any flaw he may have made. The media corruption and social bias provoked me to support him I go vote. Who knows? All I know is that America is going to turn into the joke of the world if Trump actually becomes president. The only other option is killery. He unzips his Trump bodysuit to reveal that he was actually Bernie Sanders this whole time. Well, if if rhe other choice was hitler, I would consider it Three large men whacking at my knees with 2 by 4s for 6 hours should do it. If every other candidate died and there were no other options... I probably just wouldn't vote though Trump actually like for reals... makes america great again... or whatever. 

If i start seeing "now hiring" everywhere in masse. Because he has created jobs compared to other presidents.

But im mexican. So i can never vote for someone like him. If you have a Genie slave for one day then what will you do?  Why would it need to be a slave, it's a genie Wish for their freedom Wish for that day to never end I'd make them turn me into one of my fan made x men characters. Then I would make them give other people super powers, just random people so that we could literally be the first line of mutants Become an instant billionaire. transfer the wealth of all the worlds richest people to my possession, legally, safely, with no repercussions, and directly into a bank account owned fully by me, legally and safely.

Gotta be specific with genies.

Then, ask if it wants to be free. If it says yes, wish for him to be free. Anyone here who doesn't believe in afterlife?  I don't. I believe it's just lights out. yo I believe matter goes else where after death but as far as for consciousness, I believe it is indeed lights out Yup. Can't say I believe in one. Me! Lots. Palm readers of Reddit what can you tell me?  You should keep it watered. LOL I can tell ya to fook off, lad Moisturise that shit. If a celebrity was found to have a poop fetish, how would they be treated and how would that impact society?  Probably pretty shitty I personally would lose all respect for a person like that. I can't even begin to think of what my kids would start to do if they found out Selena Gomez had a poop fetish. Timmy loves her. They'd probably be treated horribly. Trend on Twitter and Facebook for awhile, perhaps even here. People would eventually get bored and move on but I don't think they'd be able to get away from that. I mean, look at Bear Grylls. I feel like people would still love Jennifer Lawrence. Poop fetishes would be en vogue almost overnight.  People would be claiming they've been into poop for years as well.  It would get really stupid and really out of hand.  People love them some celebs. What's your favorite desktop or phone background?  My iPad lock and home screen are colorshifted tartans of my own design. My laptop background is a beautiful picture of a hydra by an internet artist. I loved this photo of my ex and his dog. What is the most unforgivable thing ever done by the media?  Commentary and opinion. i will never forgive the television news, all of it and not any specific entity in that group, for reporting, on the morning of september 11, 2001, that over 50,000 people had died in the wtc debacle.

i don't know how many people remember that, or how often it's been brought up since, but shortly after the towers were hit the official reports said that over 50,000 people had died. that's a shockingly high number. 3000, the roughly correct number, is a lot of people to die, but they were already reporting that it was at least 50,000. that just added to the irrational hysteria of that day. Trump What was the worst birthday party you've ever been to?  My own; many years ago when I was in Elementary iirc. I invited everyone in my classroom and not a single person came. My grandma died on Christmas 2 years ago so I guess Jesus' party was the worst. Anyone thats thrown for me. My birth. What is an app that is good to make friends in London that is not tinder!?  REDDIT! i've meet some cool people here [deleted] Thats a tough one i just moved into london and i'm having problems making friends, meet up is ok-ish Socible is alright, its only for london people You guys call them pubs... but i guess you could start with that.

Dont even need an app to meet friends dood What is the best movie to watch, without knowing any details of the movie prior to viewing?  The Usual Suspects The Prestige Fight Club No Country for Old Men From Dusk Till Dawn. The Others The Sixth Sense Once upon a time in the west Momento.  Extremely captivating on first view.  Almost as much on 2nd viewing too Sharknado three: Aw hell no The purge series 21 Jumpstreet * Predestination
* Oldboy
* Non-Stop Audition This Is Spinal Tap The Witch. 

Enjoy... Cloud Atlas...I just really like Cloud Atlas The Cabin in the Woods Schindler's List.

I watched it couple days ago and I'm grateful I didn't know it was in black and white AND about war, because I wouldn't have even give it a glance. It's so far the best movie I've watched this year. shawshank redemption. favorite movie of all time and had no idea what it was about before i watched Audition. 

My friend did that.  But he didn't appreciate it.  Hah. Seven Pounds Basically all of them. If I'm even remotely interested in a movie, I don't like seeing any of it beforehand. A title and a poster to set the scene a little, maybe. But I avoid trailers as much as possible. Getting to experience a good movie the first time is awesome. 

I especially like going into movies in a series blind. If you like super hero movies, go see the next one without watching the trailers and it'll be that much more fun when you find out about the new characters they're introducing. Dark City. How similar do you think the colonization of mars will be to the 16th-18th century colonization of the New World?  Not even slightly The first colonists will starve to death like at Jamestown and eat each others corpses. Like [this](http://imgur.com/a/uUwO7) 14 year old girl who's skull was butchered and the brain extracted to eat. Identical.  I'm going to sail there soon and you'll see.  

The Martians (who I suspect call themselves as "Indians") just know how to hide from the Earth probes but they can't hide from me and my sailing buddies! For one thing, there aren't any natives on Mars to subjugate and/or enslave. i sure hope we don't kill all the natives with our earth diseases. Well, there aren't any fucking PEOPLE there, so...  Way different. Well... there aren't any Martians, so... not at all? Ok so maybe there was an issue with clarity. I realize that no comparisons can be drawn to the treatment of the natives, but what about to the then "old world". You know, the three major European players competing for land, the worldwide conflicts started on account of that competition, a possible REVOLUTION.(I know that SpaceX is the only one with plans to colonize CURRENTLY but think long term) Don't piss off the natives! What Reddit submission title, though seemingly ordinary, would freak out a subreddit if it was posted there accidentally?  [Serious]How would you react if your SO converted to Islam?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Sigh sadly because they took a step backwards into superstition. I wouldn't care as long as they didn't try to force me to convert.  I would be happy they chose somthing to believe in. Would dump him right away Meh. We already have a copy of the Q'uran, so that's easy. And there's a very nice Islamic community center nearby. I've known her for 20 years. That's simply not happening. If it did, I'm out.   
She's former-Catholic. She's done her time and not converting to anything. Same way I'd react if he converted to any religion, disappointed. Instantly done. Id be like ok... Give me your car keys and bitch you better cover that face Depends on if she wanted me to convert and if she tried to join a psycho cult... if she one day decided to join and observe in silence, that's fine. If she pushes that shit on me or radicalizes, she's gotta go and I'm turning her in. Break up with her.

I like to be able to respect my gf I would dump her immediately with no need for explanation. There is absolutely nothing wrong w Islam. However, if you mean to say ISIS, that's completely different. And not okay. I would probably break up w them if they joined ISIS During the apocalypse, which animals in the pet shop would you cook up first?  Fish Guinea Pigs The snakes. They're actually pretty good if cooked properly. They taste like chicken (seriously), just a little tougher. Your going to love how I cook the lovebirds. The oldest ones. I would try to breed the younger ones. Rabbit's and/or Guinea pigs....delish!! Why are women's vaginas pixilated in Japanese porno films?  Thats how Japanese womens vaginas look you insensitive jerk. The emperor didn't like that shit. Just buttholes. Japanese laws Same reason swearing is beeped out on US tv, different countries have different ideas culterally on what is/isnt offensive I'm pretty sure it's got to do with Japanese laws on lewdness or something like that What's the most savage/not-actually-savage thing you've ever done?  Most savage, that is hard to answer, alot of stuff but the most is tracking a guy on the internet, finding where he lives and then abusing his house with food deliveries that he needs to pay for, afterwards messaging the police about seeing some weird people doing some drug deals near the " victims"  house. I used a yo mama joke on a fat mom and just left. Called INS ICE and CBP on this girl who rejected me in high school. Alot of her family got deported.

I regret it now that im older... What was your scariest airport or airplane experience?  We were about to land, like the landing gear was about to hit the runway, when all of a sudden we quickly went back into the sky. We were all terrified for about a minute, then the pilot told us that another plane was about to land on the same runway. It would've been much scarier if we hadn't went back up. Flying very low over a rainforest at the Argentina/Brazil border.  Was so turbulent I thought the plane would crack apart.  First time I cried out loud on a plane (but not the last - I'm a pussy on planes) It's not scary but i'll post anyway, getting into a fist fight in a plane with 3 german guys. Flying in a blizzard. Everything outside just looks like a whirling white void. It's terrifying. Crosswind landing in Denver. I didn't hear the pilot's warning because headphones, but we landed OK. First time I went flying I was like 7. I threw up like a liter of whatever garbage I ate and passed out What is your greatest "unsung hero" story?  Someone at my last workplace brought donuts for the break room every Friday.   The set-up of this place was such that you could easily come in from the parking lot and drop something off in the break room downstairs without anyone noticing.  No security cameras at the time.

Went on for about six months before the quiet guy quit (for a better job), and... no more donuts.

He never told us it was him.  I think he may have been amused at the conspiracy theories we had formulated. [Serious] Is there a empirical reason why employment gaps are a red flag?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Lack of motivation or willingness to work. Depends.... I ask what did you do during that gap to improve your skills.

The reason for the gap is irrelevant during the interview. Only what pertains to the job. There are a number of reasons, but one is merely that it insinuates that you were fired or let go, rather than left one job for another. No gaps can mean that each step was intentional and due to you "moving up" in the world. 

It also can imply that you weren't working because you weren't desired. Either you weren't looking for employment or, the more likely scenario, you were looking and no one was impressed. If no one else was impressed with your resume or job experiences, why would I be?  

These all can be flawed rationales. But when you have a lot of qualified candidates, you do have to read between lines with things based on what is on a resume, so questioning employment gaps makes sense. State and feral laws regulate what can be used to make a determination of employabilty. I can't use medical info, marriage status, children status or number, etc. 

Most people that have a gap, have a reason. But the vast majority of those reasons put you into legal space if you ask about it. Oh yeah my kid was sick. Then you are sued because you didn't hire th r m because the kid was sick. I was on a mission for my church. They didn't hire me because I am ......religion. I didn't work for the 6 months it took to regulate my insulin and blood sugar. I wasn't hired because I have diabeties. Guy says his husband was in accident and I took a few months off to help his recovery. They didn't hire me because I am gay.

No matter what, you have to be careful about asking about gaps. So to avoid it, don't interview those people. 

Most managers also have a set of basic assuptions. One is if their are gaps, there is a good probability that this person is willing to put their life before their job. Maybe not who they want. 

Empirical data would be hard to come by. In my industry big gaps are a nono since the skills are lost over time away from the industry. We have data on our training program that shows specific to our industry and my company that gaps are bad and that time away from the industry, even working outside the industry, make for less than ideal candidates. I'm not sure about other fields, but in STEM fields, I've been told a long gap may indicate that you may not be up to speed in current technology, tools/software, or techniques. Could have been in prison. Typically not if there is a reason for the gap. It's an easy question to ask in an interview. But they won't ask it if you go ahead and fill the gap with whatever it was you were doing on your resume. If you were looking for a job then that's your answer to the question. Not really. 

Most interviewers will ask what you did, if it was something like school or taking care of someone normally the questioning ends there. I hired a guy in my office who for three years didnt have a job. He told me that he took a bunch of certification courses online to supplement his AAS in accounting. One reason would be that the hundred other applicants without gaps would be preferred. In some cases they would have actually had employment over that period buy chose not to put it on their CV fora reason. 

Things like a falling out with an employer, being fired for something negligent, or anything that would not be good in a reference. What present day person do you think historians 2000 years from now will be perplexed by?  Kim kardasian and Kanye West. They are the Cleopatra/Mark Anthony of our millenia. Donald trump and how he made America so great between 2016-2024 Jeffree star. How the fuck can *THAT DUDE IN PARTICULAR* be a racist scumbag? Kanye Honestly? I doubt there will be much about us they do not understand.  We collect and store a remarkable amount of data every day.  Just look at Wikipedia, or the Wayback machine.  Barring some sort of cataclysm which causes us to lose all of our data storage, I doubt that there will be much happening now that is confusing to historians.  They will likely judge us for our backward ways and lack of foresight, but it will be well documented. Most of us, so many resources at are disposal and we know nothing beyond memes and inside jokes. What is a lie you've told that got out of hand when you were younger?  Basically what's a lie you've told to try and cover up something embarrassing you did as a kid that got out of hand?
I'll start. Be me in year 5 jumping on the trampoline I did couple backflips and things were going good so I decided to try and mix it up a bit and do a backflip bouncing from my knees instead of feet. First one went well and decided to try again because it was fun and I thought it looked cool. This time things didn't go as planned and I slid my face along the trampoline mat. I ended up getting a sort of "carpet burn" along my nose, cheek and chin. Go to school the next day and it looks WAY worse than when it happened. People started asking me what happened and I didn't want to tell them what really happened because I thought it was embarrassing. Instead of telling people the truth I decided to tell people I was burned with a cigarette lighter on my way to school that day by a bunch of older kids. Teachers found out, school counselor found out and took me out of class for some questioning a few minutes go by and I start realizing that things aren't going exactly as I thought. Finally had the police show up to the school and that's when I cracked, knowing what I'd said was definitely not good. I ended up telling the truth and getting a warning from the police explaining that what I'd said was a serious accusation to just throw around. How is religion any different than self-help books, they both just give you advice on how to live life?  >religion: praying to God for help

>self-help: helping yourself

which is better? Self help books don't threaten you with hellfire if you don't do what they say. Religion: Do X or you will be cast into the fires of Hell and face eternal torture and suffering. 

Self-help: Do X... or not. It's your life. Because religion doesn't include The Zen of Zombie as a religious text? The mainstream monotheistic religions push and demand the recognition and observance of the one true god. The self help books are "like a religion" but with no bullshit fluff talk. Religion is kinda like self help, but with a super oppressive set of rules and fanbase. Religion provides good moral character (I am referring to the bible).  Self help books are specialized to fit a need like learning how to read body language or how to deal with psychopaths.  

With religion sometimes you will have problems too big that you cannot solve so you would pray and pass those problems onto god.  I had trouble dealing kids on a school bus and one day I had an opportunity where one of them decided to physically assault me and let's just say I beat two kids up.

These two kids stopped messing with me after that and then started chanting church of satin every day for about 3 months straight.  During the summer break one of those kids was killed by a semi-truck.

When I was 21 I decided to open my own computer repair store.  I spent around 10k refurbishing an old movie theatre and 1 month after the completion I had no business in the store after dumping all that money in it.  I told my girlfriend (future wife) at the time about it and also found out a murder had occurred in the stairwell next to my store.  My girlfriend advised me to seek out a priest and have him bless the water and sprinkle it in the store.  I followed her advice and the next day I had a customer.    

These stories you will typically not see in a self help book, the ones that I have read said it does help to believe in a higher power. People in relationships, how does your family feel about your SO?  They add her on social's before me Amused, and like I have three children instead of two. They love her. Sometimes I think they like him more than me. I absolutely know they love me, but sometimes I just feel like they are always so excited to see him more than me - maybe because they see me more? I know for sure the dog likes him more than me - whenever we show up at my parents house the dog bolts right past me to him (and I was the main caregiver for the dog since he was a puppy!) They think he has a lot of extra money and should pay all the bills or something. We have a really equal relationship. We split all the bills and just buy things for each other and then return the favor. I'm not going without, or anything. My parents love him like he's their own son, and their opinion is the only one that matters to me.

As for the rest of my family... I have cousins (and friends) who've stopped talking to me because of him and when we started to get serious we stopped being invited to a lot of family events. They love him. On the other hand my In laws sat me down to tell me how much they don't like me, berated every part of my character, and concocted lies about me. What movie would you rate 10/10?  Shrek Interstellar. My mind was so blown that I couldn't stop thinking about it for weeks. There Will Be Blood The Quiet Man. Starring John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara Star Wars IV: A New Hope I'll give ya a hint

"I'M RAINBOW FUCKING RANDOLPH" Seven Samurai School Of Rock Whiplash The notebook In The Line of Fire. Return to Oz. It's a bizarre, oft-forgotten gem that really captures the off-kilter tone of the books. It has some amazing claymation and plays masterfully with the idea that Dorothy might actually have a mental illness, while still also leaving it open that Oz is a real place. Very ambiguous and better for it. Shaun of the Dead


Or pretty much any other movie by Edgar Wright. Spirited Away My Fav movies are The Departed, Inglorious Basterds and Shutter Island - so I'd give them the 10 People who use Miracle Whip over mayonnaise...why?  Because it's delicious!!!!! It is the one thing I need to buy name brand of, and also the only thing hubby and I can't compromise on, so he gets mayo and I get miracle whip. I use it in tuna salad because that's how my grandma made it when I was a kid, and it reminds me of her. What's miracle whip? Isn't Miracle Whip a substitute for whipped cream? I can't imagine putting it on a sandwich in place of mayo. That's the way we are brought around here, Stranger! We don't cotton to your fancy mayonnaise in these parts! Because their taste buds are broken. People who can fall asleep "on command", how do you do it?  I really hate people that can fall asleep on command. So jealous haha. Pop pills. Drink heavily I wonder if it's just because they're very sleep deprived. Get up every day at 430am get home at 5pm do house work cook dinner by 930 your fucked and can sleep like a log Narcolepsy. I can tap into it by *trying* to meditate on a specific thought, which tips me into R.E.M. and right off to sleep. This has allowed me to train myself to be a lucid dreamer, which I actively use when I'm trying to come up with story ideas. I don't know about "on command" but I fall asleep most night *on schedule* because I keep a regular routine and bedtime is bedtime, not TV time. Takes less than a minute nearly every night. What is the most ridiculous double-standard?  No paternity leave. It's completely unfair to the father, the mother, AND the child. Men can't hit women back, that is the biggest double standard.

The second one is men who are fuckboys (sleep with many sluts) are praised and women who are sluts get shit for it. I hate to be "that guy" and inject politics but I guess I'm gonna anyhow.

People in the media that criticised candidate Obama in 2008 for not being experienced after only have been in the Senate for 2 years now endorsing Trump because he's not a "Washington insider". No bed-frame.

If a man goes over to a woman's house, and her mattress is on the floor, he's thinking, "Cool; she's pretty laid back and not hung up on cultural conformity."

If a woman goes over to a man's house, and his mattress is on the floor, she's thinking, "What kind of oaf can't manage to own a bed-frame?" What is an Unethical Way to Save Money?  Forge a signature on your lease, don't pay your rent, claim squatter's rights, break one of your bones and then sue the landlord for damages. While you're doing this, couple it with an income source in case something goes wrong, along the lines of jumping in front of turning cars like in Better Call Saul, selling drugs, and/or credit-card fraud. Have your friends pay for everything every single time you go out. Just reminding everyone here that social media confessions are admissible in court, especially if you give details. Not tipping your server. Tax evasion.

Oh, you said unethical. Shoplifting Pretend to be homeless and beg Reusing condoms Start a church then proceed to skim tides/donations Download everything - books, comics, movies, music, shows, games, apps, etc. Glue a thread to a quarter you put in the vending machine. Yank the quarter out and reuse. Mortgage Backed Securities Killing people and selling their skeletons to medical schools? Insurance fraud Get rich so you don't need to pay taxes Stealing. 

It really works. Tax fraud? piracy 'Forget to bring your wallet' every time we meet up. Unethical way? I dont understand. General thievery Tax avoidance Rob poor people and/or pensioners Hooking up to somebody else's cable tv. What is something we should be doing more often?  Drinking bleach Avoid the comment section on Youtube. Please, it's for your own wellbeing. Stoning gays. Exercising Being nice to each other. Change our pillowcases, they can get disgusting Listen to each other. Be more empathetic. Try to understand instead of getting defensive and angry. Learning Support each other Walking Drink water. Why does the Gamestop website say n/a on some games when checking trade in value?  It means they don't want it. Some games arent worth anything. Your Mom or Your Dad is on Hells Kitchen How long do they last?  if they're anything like their parents they'll last around 100 years My dad probably gets into a fist fight with Ramsay over ingredients or being told something is wrong.


*Fist fight not fish fight. Until they figure out how the hell to get out of Hell's Kitchen and who's responsible for putting them there. Not very long considering my dad literally lives off frozen meals when I'm not home My Mom would be sent home first because she'd refuse to do anything and then shout back when somebody tells her what to do, my Dad would last longer as the quirky weird character that everyone hates and eventually manages to vote off after several tries. My dad made a pork loin stuffed with pork sausage, wrapped in bacon rubbed with a special and smoked for 6 hours.

My mom is hands down one of the best cooks I've ever known, besides my sister who made French pastries from scratch with LEGIT ingredients (even though she was a pain in the ass)

We are a dang good cooking family. Dad wouldn't put up with being yelled at and my mother couldn't do much more than boil water. So not long I don't have any parents :'( My dad can cook but once gordon starts yelling and cursing at him he would probably punch him in the face. My mom would probably beat the shit out of Gordon Ramsay. She doesn't fuck around. My dad doesn't even know how to cook a boiled egg, and the first angry word from Ramsay would have my mum running away in tears. So, not more than a couple of minutes. Ramsay would scream "its fucking raw" lol My Dad would definitely last longer, but neither would last very long... My mom roasts the shit out of Ramsay then beats the crap out of him.

My dad lasts about 3 seconds. For the people who hate their jobs, why do you hate your job so much?  It erodes a small piece of my soul every day, an insidious creep of petty injustices, perpetrated against me and by me in the course of my role. I feel no motivation whatsoever, perform my role worse because of this which in turn, makes it worse for me.
Fuck this job. I currently drinking rum, dreading going to sleep cos I know I'll soon be waking up for work. To reiterate, fuck my job. The management, mostly. Interdepartmental communication doesn't exist. Poor pay and dead end. I'm bored 7.5 hours of the 8 hour day. They fire people who are good at their jobs without any warning. I hate working with the public. I hate answering phones.

I wasn't supposed to work with the public or answer phones...

Also, benefits are horrible yet they claim that employees are what make them successful. It makes me hate people. I really need don't like that. I'm in a place where it would be difficult to try and get a job with the same pay and benefits. 

I have gotten over the ineptitude of managment, the bad hours, rigidity of the schedule but I really dislike how much it makes me loathe people in general. Why are our 20's so heavily romanticized?  Because your bodies are the most beautiful they'll likely ever be, all your bits and pieces work, you have freedom from parents, you get to fuck up and call it a learning experience, and your minds are more open. Because it is usually a time that we are as free and carefree as we are ever going to get. Once we start our own families, own our own homes, or our work/careers become serious factors we have already begun the process of lamenting our misspent youth You brain is supposed to be fully developed by 25, so you should officially be running on full capacity by then.   
You're old enough to be more responsible and taken seriously, but young enough to "hang" better and longer than older people.   
I'm 41 and it takes two days to recover from a hangover. When I was in my twenties, I could drink until 3am, sleep a couple of hours, then get up and go to work at 9am. Not anymore... 20 somethings are idealistic and horny. It's the only time you're truly attractive, youre still young but able to do all the adult things you've wanted. Health time and money The world is ahead of you. You have all sorts of hopes and dreams.   Those end around 35 or 40, when you wake up one day to realize, life sucks but there is little you can do to change that.  :( In addition to all the people saying that we're generally at our peak physical form and mental development, a lot of the great works, discoveries and ideas in history came from people during their 20's. youll find out There is so much before you, decades to go before you're considered old. Your looks and health are usually at their peak and your body chemistry runs like a locomotive. You're not necessarily especially wise, but you're full of optimism and hope enough to make up for it, typically. Do you think that women have more flexible sexuality than men? Why or why not?  I think it's more culturally acceptable for women to act out on their gay impulses than it is for men, but I don't think we're more flexible/gayer than males in general. It's far more socially acceptable for women. Sure. Even straight women like boobs, right? I'd say no, it's just more socially accepted In general yes. Personally there is very few women alive who'd match my sexual deviencys. Because the way our culture perceives masculinity you are seen much less masculine if you are interested in guys at all. I think men are less likely to be open about any same sex feelings, as being attracted to men is still seen as feminine/not masculine. While a woman being attracted to another woman is not seen as her being less feminine. I think it has to do with the myth of masculinity. If being gay or doing gay acts didn't make you a pansy in society's eyes, I think more men would be open about trying it. Personally, I think they do for societal reasons. It seems that lesbians are a little more accepted than gay men. This has a couple results that make me jealous of girls in this specific regard:

1. Easier to find people who want to experiment.

2. Easier to platonicly cuddle with the same sex. In general no. The reason why is probably genetically coded. People playing Pokemon, what's your current team roster? Everyone else who doesn't play pokeymons, how ridiculous does all of this sound?  It isn't anymore ridiculous than any fantasy football league. Alakazam, flygon, peliper, absol, hariyama, aggron. I have raquaza but wanted to win without a legendary. I'm playing emerald if it wasn't obvious. * Empoleon
* Rotom (Mower)
* Crobat
* Heracross
* Blaziken
* Mamoswine

Only one repeating type, a few heavy hitters, a few status-inducers, and a good spread of type immunities. (Omega Ruby)
Groudon
Bidoof (don't judge, he works)
Swampert
Shiftry
Gengar
Gyrados What's the best way to prepare for airline travel so I minimize motion sickness and fatigue?  Music? Find somthing really distracting and you wont even notice it. Works for me. just do it. you shouldnt even notice youre moving. Strong mints and cranberry juice. Married people: Are you happy in your marriage? As in (provided you keep any kids you have), would you do it again if you went back in time? How long have you been married?  25 years, 3 wars, 3 kids, 2 bouts of cancer, 1 college degree, 

I'd do it all over again only with my love. No one else could handle it. Disgustingly Happy!
Together for 18 years, married for 16, and 3 kids. 

We genuinely enjoy each other's company, and we mutually agree that everyone else is weird. Happy.  No kids.  Would do it again, but only with the husband I have.  21 years. Happy. 3 kids. 16 years.  I would've always chosen marriage. Content. Comfortable. Mostly happy. 32 years, would do it again. Heck yeah, but I don't want to. I have been happily married for 23 years. Marrying my husband was the smartest choice I ever made. If I **had** to go back in time, I would absolutely marry him again, but the thing is, even though we've never had a "rough patch," it gets better and better as we go. I don't want to go back to what I used to believe happy meant, now that I know what it really *can* mean. Year and a half. Unfortunately, it's coincided with a long stretch of unemployment, bouts of mental illness, and financial difficulties. I wouldn't trade her for anything, though. I'd do it again. The only thing I'd do different is not neglect my health. :/ Very happy. 3 years, no kids. If I had to do it all over, I would have opted for a very long engagement. However, I am glad to have the wedding already done because that was a pain in the ass. I love my wife and kids. However my wife is 5yrs older than me and subsequently we moved a bit quicker than usual given child bearing years etc...

Def would have waited another year or two so that the two of us could've had more fun as just a couple before the little ones. Otherwise I cannot imagine a world without the family we created. 26 years 2 kids bumps and more bumps 2 serious depressions and a wonderfully happy marriage with my spouse Very happy, 8 years, 3 kids. Life has had its ups and downs but we always get through it together. My husband is my absolute best friend and I would do it all again in a heartbeat! Married 5 together for 10. I'd do it all over again with him. If I had to it again, i'd still get married, but later on in life. I'd do it later in life. Like, a few years from now. I'd have had a lot more money and patience. 16 years, two kids. Happy as we both can be, considering the circumstances..(health issues and whatnot.) Would I do it again? Hell yeah. But only with this woman. What's the first post of yours that made it to the /all/ page of Reddit?  What movie is so corny it's an embarrassment?  The Room Dear John Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter. I refuse to watch even a second of it. Jeepers Creepers was bad. Jeepers Creepers 2 was terrible. And keepin it creep - Night of the Creeps was an abortion. Anything based on a Nicholas Sparks novel. Movie 43. Sausage party. I couldnt make it all the way through. What is one paranoid and silly habit you have?  When I'm walking with my headphones on, I start to think I'm breathing too loud, so I lower the volume of my music  to make sure. Running downstairs, because the monster. Looking at the window while showering for bugs (yeah, we have a window in the tub but we're on the second floor so it's okay) I have to make sure the switch on every empty socket I see is set to off or else I'll actually lose sleep over it. I need to flush before I use the toilet. I am killing this planet. Checking under the bed for monsters/burglars. It's annoying my co-workers in the bedding department right now ! Every time i turn left in any car, i unconciously turn the radio down. Never fails I have to check that every single one of the doors are locked again before I sleep even if somebody's done it  or I can't sleep Can't have my feet uncovered when I sleep. Because of the monsters. I used to require at least 40 min of pre-bullshitting and time wasting before I can get any schoolwork done... Still do Double checking that both the front and back door of the house are locked before I go to sleep, maybe not too bad a habit, But in my tired state I will sometimes check the same door two or three times out of fear that I may have just glanced at it without actually paying attention to the position of the dead bolt. What's a good way to start over if you've saved up roughly $10,000?  give it away? I don't think I understand the question I know a guy who knows a guy who can help you out, he's pretty good with giving people a new identity, just saying It might depend on what nation is on your passport Fly to a 3rd world country (Southeast Asia is a good place) then you can build your way up day by day as life is more affordable. You should see the things world travelers can do with that money. Depends on your contractual expenses. Bitcoin mining. /r/personalfinance [deleted] Give it to your church. What is your fast food guilty pleasure?  Whopper McDonald's fries. Arby's. 

Roast beef Mid sandwich with that tangy sauce and cheese sauce. Then a large order of curly fries that are quite literally the best I've ever had. Or just getting a bunch of sliders. Mmmmm damn. 

This is why I'm fat... McDonalds fish sandwiches and Culvers onion rings Either the Whataburger triple meat triple cheese with jalapeos or the Wendy's 3/4lb cheeseburger. So gooooood A&W Buddy burgers. KFC mac and cheese.

It doesn't exist in Canada. They also don't have biscuits here. I don't know why I moved here. Sonic cheddar peppers. Sooo good but expensive for just a few bites and ridiculously unhealthy. Zaxbys J whops! Taco Bell Crunchwrap Supremes with steak and Jalapeos kill me I have a Del Taco that's right next to my work. I eat it sometimes. A hamburger (with common toppings except mayo), and French fries (slighty overdone and with salt) Either a double zinger burger from KFC or a 'create your taste' from McDonald's. I picked up some food recently for a guy, his favorite is Double QPC, chopped onion instead of sliced, add Big Mac special sauce, and bacon.

Surprisingly not fat. Wendy's burger with just cheese mayo, ketchup and extra pickle. Large fries and a chocolate frosty in which to dip said fries. 


Please forgive me arteries. I know not what I do :< Culvers cheese curds with ranch, a bacon cheddar butter burger and a Reeces PB cup concrete. Any kind of chili cheese fries. My favorite drunk food. A 20 piece McNugget with sweet & sour. No need for fries. French fries and a mcflurry. Oh my god Chicken nachos from Qdoba. I dip my nuggets and fries in Mcdonald's ice cream In-n-out or Steak 'n shake. For sure. Is Zaxby's fast food? It just doesn't seem to compare to McDonald's, etc. Anyway, Zaxby's Buffalo Chicken Finger Plate. The bread, the buffalo, the crispy fries... You can't beat that meal. If you can add/remove any feature on an animal what would it be?  I'm adding wings to my cat. I'd give chickens stronger necks. Apparently they are prone to being choked. Existence from spiders. Just because I can doesn't mean I would One word. Foreskins. The allergic part of cats Geese. Fuck geese. Remove em all. Some ducks too. Mainly geese

Fuckers What are your thoughts on how this year has gone?  http://i.imgur.com/Hdt30iV.gif You ever get uppercutted ? Pretty shitty It's actually been one of the best years of my life so far. My year has been stale shit. It appears to have gone at the usual rate of about 1 day every 24 hours. It's election year how do you think it's going For me it's personally been the best year of my life! Been going pretty fast I feel. 2015 is a blurr in my mind. Where did it go? Before I know it, 2017 will be here. If Reddit existed in the 90's , what would make the front page?  I can only imagine what reddit would have looked like during the Clinton-Lewinsky scandal.  That would be fun to watch. Post your most controversial opinion because at midnight all computers are going to stop working! "I have high hopes for my children, perhaps becoming lawyers themselves."
-Robert Kardashian BREAKING - Kurt Cobain's body found. We Are Blind Melon, AMA. If Reddit existed in the 80s, what would make the front page? Ross Perot Hansen. Reddit icorrectly identifies the Olympic Park bomber and the guy who threw the brick at Reginald Denny's face in the LA Riots. Post episode discussions for Nick at Night and TGIF [56K WARNING] Look at what my cat did! Episode discussion for Twin Peaks. Pokmon. Nothing has changed. "Spicegirls have gone stale" AOL chat rooms Pet pictures and dumb jokes. [The Macarena](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XiBYM6g8Tck) What Pokemon  is the best? Scientists predict the movie 'Back to the Future 2' hover boards will be released by 2015 Yo-yo gifs. kirt cobain suicide, and mj accusations DAE OJ NOT GUILTY BECAUSE RACISM?!?! Biggie was an inside job! Lead slugs can't break SUV Windows! Top secret tips to winning your local pog tournament! blossom memes. And we'd be getting pancakes instead of gold? Friends.  Everywhere. Slap Bracelets banned from schools because of health concerns. Jennifer Aniston's nipples from last night's episode of "Friends". Are frosted tips the next trend in hairstyle??? Pogs. Ton of nirvana stuff then endless amounts of Courtney Love conspiracy theories about how she killed Kurt (because we still get these). 

Endless debate about N 64 vs PS 1.

Clinton saxophone gifs.

Either a ton of Jim Carey memes and gifs cause we love him or none because he is a mainstream hack and not really funny. If thats the case we'd get a bunch of memes from this new hip alternative comedian who just joined SNL Adam Sandler.

West coast East Coast rap battle posts detailing the minutia in Biggie and Tupac lyrics.

Michael Jordan tounge out dunking gifs. 

And everyone still loves Bill Cosby. TIL Marilyn Manson had one of his own ribs removed so he could give himself a bj what part of the 90's? early 90's? or late 90's when boy bands and Jenco Jeans were in? A rant about Aqua's "Barbie Girl" because OP hears it everywhere and can't get it out of his or her's head. r/pogs Videos wouldnt, unless you send a download linkn Lots of 80's nostalgia, probably. Y2K extreme paranoia.. way more so The same as this year actually, 

1: pokemon go

2 the clintons for president 

And justin timberlake and Britney Spears are in the top charts What is happening in America?  Drinking luquor with weed init http://i.imgur.com/dwB8Uj5.gifv Corporate circle jerking. Juggalos are smoking crack and coming out at night to vote for trumpo and hllario Oh, same ole same ole. People. The burgeoning oligarchal society Political correctness is destroying our country from the inside out. Want proof? Donald Trump, a complete fucking maniac asshole is the Republican nominee and is giving Clinton a fight. Think about that for minute. That's how pissed off people are about political correctness. We're pretty much falling apart. What's something simple that you do to be considerate of others?  Let the person with a few items go ahead of me if I have a full cart.

1 in 10 times this person ends up arguing about expired coupons or price-matching, and I swear I'll never do it again, but I do. Wash my hands after masturbation. I don't ride peoples ass on highway. No need to speed up only to brake. Also I clean out the lint tray in the dryer after I use it. It's my lint. I don't want to clean out your lint either. Replace the toilet paper roll if it is nearly run out. Genuinely listen when they talk. Seems to be rare these days. Everyone just wants to talk over one another. For me there are too many situations that require different types/levels of consideration.

Say I'm having dinner with my best friend, and she brings her bf, any questions she asks will be answered to both of them, like I'll circulate eye contact (obviously not like a robot, I just get a feeling every few seconds that tell me the person I'm not looking at needs that eye contact to feel involved and welcome) and make sure everyone feels equal in the group.

Another situation would be if I'm planning a small event or a night out, and I invite good friends, I wouldn't plan it in front of not-so-close friends, and after the event I wouldn't go on about how brilliant it was in front of the people who weren't there. Too many people are guilty of this.

A simple one: washing my damn hands. I'm a bit extreme with this so I can't give examples...lol.

Just anything that will make the people in my presence feel comfortable, welcome, involved, etc. Feeling left out is a horrible feeling, whether it's at work or at a bar/club
If you're part of the group I'm addressing, you're damn well getting eye contact and a question regarding your feelings/opinions. I fucking care, and you matter. :D return items to their proper place when I change my mind at the grocery. Hold the fucking door. I try not to pass gas in their presence. Nothing. Being considerate is for pussies. What is a cool and insightful question to connect my AP Psychology and AP US History classes for a project?  You could ask whether it is ethical for a licensed psychologist to consult with the CIA on torture methods. (as happened with CIA psychologists James Elmer Mitchell and John "Bruce" Jessen) and how this is  or is not different in any substantive way from the Soviet Union using psychiatry as a way to disable and detain dissidents. (As was frequently done in the USSR) Why are male history teachers often portrayed as sexual predators in literature and films and when did this first appear ? Could the Salem Witch Trials and other similar events in history be avoided if the people of that time understood mental illness? What basic skill cant you preform?  I can't ride a bike. I can't blow bubbles with bubble gum. Just can't do it. I've gotten really bad at basic social interactions with time. I don't know if I just started overthinking them or what - they simply used to be easy and now are not. It's a shame really. i'm essentially math illiterate. was never taught how to derive or integrate. Can do basic algebra and trig, but that's about it. And even those i am shaky with. Spelling perform, apparently. Cut a circle. I blame it on skipping preschool North south east west


Head south on main ten go west at Hamilton. I might as well not have directions I'm trying to complete all grades of math on khan academy, I'm currently stuck at 3rd grade because I am unable to read analog clocks :/ I can't whistle or pronounce anemone Go to sleep sober. Math when I'm at the cash register swim or run whenever in non-threatening life situations. mental math above 2 digit by 2 digit addition or subtraction, and even that takes me longer than the average person. I cant snap my fingers. I can't click my right hand fingers but I can do my left I can't cut in a straight, even line to save my life. I can't whistle or spell weird correctly. I can't throw a football.  My wife can, but I can't. Putting the FUCKING APOSTROPHE in the RIGHT PLACE ! Those of you who have braved the deep/dark web, what's the craziest thing you've seen on there?  Just the fact you can buy far higher quality naughty supplies for a far better price than in real life with reliable next day delivery is pretty mad. 

That and a nice guide on how to prepare a human carcass for consumption. An honest vendor who takes bitcoins. It was easier for me to buy black tar heroine than it was to buy a butterfly knife. I tried for the life of me to get one, but failed time and time again. What's something your parents hid from you as a child?  That we were poor. My dad bought a huge house during the depression (1928)for peanuts and a very wealthy neighborhood grew around our house. All my friends had everything and i had nothing. I thought my parents were cheap but at 11 my dad sat me down and showed me our financial situation. Wow, what a shock! My parents hid the fact that my Mom cheated on my Dad, and still k haven't told me. The Truth about Santa. My uncle never used his condom on me That my moms are lesbians.... didn't know until a couple years ago Concdoms in a plastic bag. Sex books squeezed into old bookshelves that no one is expected to touch (but I'm here  ) Themselves food and water Who did you stand up for?  Our National Anthem. ALWAYS. A friend Disabled rights. Crippled people That's rude!...I'm a rug, I can't stand up :( Myself. Wiping. My kids To pull out of my cousin What sneaks up on you in your mid 40s?  Night time trips to the bathroom. Your mid 40's. ... diminishing access to otherwise available options. Realizing that you are the glue holding your family's past to your family's future. Your parents are getting older and need more help, your kids are grown up and sprouting their wings. And your grandchildren will never know your family the way you did. So you try to keep everyone together to preserve that history but you have to make do with the participation you get. Metabolism Back ache. Circle jerkin askreddit posting bastard What subreddits have we never visited, but should?  r/selffuck r/HolocaustSponseredByDonatos What should you actually be doing right now instead of reading this?  sleeping. boy am i bad at this Sleeping. I have the worst headache. My homework making a phone call. But meh, it's just about money. Cuddling with my pregnant girlfriend. I'm waiting for my wings, so I can't do much else right now. Sleeping because I have uni tomorrow Working.  I'm just sitting around. Paying attention in class studying for physics, i'm failing I have to calculate the volume of an excavation for a house foundation, calculate the volume of concrete needed, calculate a few other factors, and then find out how much it will cost. Brushing my tooth I have 5 minutes left at work. Fuck em. This schedule I'm on shouldn't even be a thing. Only good thing about it is I get to go to the gym in the morning now instead of lunch break. Locating a seamstress to put pockets inside my pants and shirts and to trim the bottom of the pant legs.

My wife gave me an ultimatum this morning that I stop drinking alcohol or find another place to live. She lost. Dead broke in Peru in two days and she will rethink "ultimatums." I have an essay due Wednesday that I've barely started :( Writing a short essay Getting my heroine high Why do people with Hondas/Acuras insist on having loud exhaust?  Go tell someone with an rsx that it's a Honda Civic and they'll get hella pissed I've noticed this with the VW crowd My mom has an Acura but her exhaust isn't loud I have a Honda element, 2003.

4 cylinder and absurdly quiet... and slow... and awkward... and boxes. But it's a dang good car. It is more than just Honda/Acura but less than Honda/Acura owners, it is actually the "tuner" crowd. A lot of them are just try-hards that think it sounds cool.

The ones that put the loud aftermarket exhaust on because they need it for their car to run properly, and are probably also the group that watch Fast and Furious and laugh at some of the shit that is said, because it is just so wrong. To make you notice the P O S they are driving. Can't afford a decent car. I guess the same reason people with big trucks like loud exhaust. Or people with supras or 300zx or eclipses or 3000GTs or camaros or mustangs or corvettes or pretty much any sports car? Reddit, how (and why) did you save your SO?  I save him by protecting him from himself, and keeping his secrets.
  
He saved me because he accepted me, despite my flaws, my fears, my mistakes and all my inadequacies. I broke up with him. My husband saves me by killing all the bugs. Which celebrity did you get to meet?  Jimmy Savile. I've met the bands Breaking Benjamin, Starset, Like a Storm, and Saint Asonia. I've also met the directors of Captain America: Civil War Played frisbee with John Oats in Limerock Connecticut a few years ago. He owned a GTP car that was racing in the Grand Prix. The Mowry family (Tia, Tamera, Tahj, and their mom Darlene) 
My mom's friend was doing makeup for that movie with Shia LaBeouf and the evil pomeranian. Hilary Clinton. Waited for 5 hours in the cold to get in the front row. I was surrounded by Secret Service, and when it came time to get a picture with me, I decided to see if I could put my hand on her shoulder.
I could but was warned by SS who then searched my bookbag. Kinda odd they did that *after* but whatever.  I told her "it's an honor to meet you", she responded with a halfassed "Yup". The picture was terrible. My eyes were half shut.

I hate this damned election year.

Why did I even bother?

Edit: Almost forgot! Met Bill Murray. He played a gig with my uncle who lives in the West Village. Great guy Why do every RV and 5th wheel have the absolute worst tribal looking designs?  Get yourself an airstream, sir. Because they are all made in INDIANa..... hope that was the punchline you were setting up for I wondered this exact thing this summer and daydreamed about opening my own rv/camper business with updated designs, i.e. Nautical designs and the like. Loooooool good stuff right there. Why do men find blondes more attractive than brunettes?  That's a massive generalization I don't.  

Redheads, on the other hand.... Because the media tells you that that is exactly what they want. Blondes are sexier, father's are fumbling fucking morons, and all women are self righteous nags that must save their men from themselves...right? I prefer brunettes. im a simple man. i like dark haired women and breakfast food They don't Hair color doesn't matter...it's the eyes You'd be surprised. For me and many other guys, dark haired women make the world go round. Blondes just seem to get a lot of representation in media for some reason, I'm not sure they're actually more or less well-liked. I don't. Why do people make untrue blanket generalizations? I actually find brunettes (generally) most attractive actually I prefer redheads and gingers. I think youve been lied to dude. I prefer brunettes over blondes. I see blondes as all the same for some reason. Ditsy and narcessistic, while brunettes have more complex personalities. Though to be fair I have only dated one blonde.

In the end, redheads win in my book. Irresistible. I find brunettes more attractive.... Some studies suggest that men (and non-heterosexual women) find blonde hair more attractive as is a sign of youthfulness and therefore fertility. Also possibly reminiscent of a time when you were young and first started getting funny feelings in your tummy when you look at pretty girls.

On the other hand, to each their own etc and generalisations like that are usually pretty bullshit. Why do women prefer dadbods over fit men? I think that this is a meme. I and many I know find many other colors attractive. For me, it goes

1. Black

2. Red

3. Brunnette

4. Dirty Blonde

5. Blonde If your interested in the stereotypes, this is pretty funny/ interesting. 

https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=cVVw9pGr9A4

https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=b9TDU8S1BSg I have no idea where these ideas come from. Hell I think gingers can be attractive. Like anyone else if the rest of them is reasonably attractive and they have an agreeable personality. They are prizes - more shiny, and fair hair is most generally accompanied by fair skin colour. The only people I know who think Blondes are more attractive are blondes. 

Which may be one of the reasons I *tend* to prefer brunettes... though of course that's a generalization and it really depends on the person. Hey, us redheads need love too. It's nearer to Hitler's blueprint. Rape All of a sudden, Reddit allows users to see other users' saved posts. What is the first thing you unsave?  Probably something from /r/kelloggsgonewild Posting what we don't want other Reddit users to see kind of defeats the purpose of the question, doesn't it? you can save posts? What is the meaning behind your tattoo?  A young and careless and hungry for attention young college freshman goes to a tattoo shop completely sober and wants a tattoo so decides to get a logo from one of your bands that you like enough to get a tat of. I like sharks, I liked the quote, and a suicide thing. Which one?
Doesn't matter, I got em cause I wanted too How often do you drink?  Ever since I've been watching what I've been eating (/portion control), I've naturally been drinking less. Mainly only drink when I'm out with friends on the weekends but it's in moderation. Only will drink a lot if it's a friends birthday or something worth drinking a lot for.

Anyways, to answer your question, not so much now. I don't know the exacts but I did get pulled over by cops last night while *walking* home. Couldn't tell them my own address. Then accidentally had them stop on my street *twice* before getting the right house. That much. As a long distance runner i drink maybe once or twice a year. 2-5 times a week Stay dry monday tuesday most wednesdays. 
Single glass of wine or a beer on a thursday, but not every thursday, maybe every other one. 
Fridays, get pretty drunk. Bottle of wine, or 5 or 6 beers.
Saturday, maybe a couple of glasses of wine or 3 beers as I'm up and driving sunday mornings.  
Sunday, like thursday, maybe a smalll glass or a beer. Every day Often enough.

Primarily, I am here to comment on the teetotaler who is down voting the drinkers' comments. Someone pass that dude a beer. Every fucking day. Once or twice a week. I wish I could drink everyday but my can't handle it. Water? Every day.

Alcohol? Never. Enough to Drunk Dial Cops Not often enough I've heard a glass of wine a day is good for us...I'm currently testing this theory Enough to keep me out of trouble About once a week, but I drink a lot when I do. When my parents drink beer or wine, I usually ask if I can try it. Usually I can if it is a weekend. I like most beers and I dislike most wines. I kinda like an earthy red, though. Daily.  Usually just enough to have a little buzz to help me sleep. Enough to concern my relatives but not enough for them to actually talk about it more than a joke either at Christmas or Thanksgiving What's something fun to do for your 20th birthday?  Your sister Depends. Something you enjoy. Probably hang out with people you like and do something together. Play a board game, watch a movie, go to a museum. Pretend like it's your 21st birthday. smoke a joint Idk but let me know because I turn twenty in two weeks Plant a tree for your retirement party. A hooker Drink, because drinking laws matter oh so very little. Go to Vegas. What comes to mind when you hear the word "melons"?  Tiddies Watermelon ( . Y . ) Lemons

And also dyslexia. Fruit. Melons. My friends and I when we were 10 years old talking about boobs. Because "boobs" is obviously a more sophisticated and adult word. Honeydew This terrible Carl Junior's commercial in which a guy fondles a couple honeydew melons when he sees a busty woman in a bikini. Cats melons Seed spitting contests. "Mom, I don't want to go to the market with you today." Oscar Pistoriooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooos Melatonin Yuck Cantaloupe Andrew Melon Boobies Breasts... That game named 'Facade' [deleted] Tits! Nice round nipple tits What would you ask Reddit?  I'd ask people what they would ask Reddit. Why?? You trying to steal my genius OP?! I would go to Ask A New Question category. What would you answer Reddit? How much wood *would* a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood? How meta can you get? When you're old, what are you going to do to mess with people?  Tell everyone that the secret to living a long life is to chew on orange leafs in the fall. My grandfather, in his late 80s, was in the hospital for the final time with a series of serious medical problems. One day he started forgetting very simple things (where he was, who he was, etc) and getting very confused. After a long series of tests they finally found a small blood clot near his brain. They got it resolved however they resolve such things and the problem went away. Several days later the exact same thing happened again. Everyone was very concerned for about an hour until he revealed that he was faking because he thought it would be funny. I plan on carrying on that family tradition. I am old and have far more important things to do than "mess with people" I'll abuse my old people's privileges, act like a complete asshole to everyone.

Which, of course, will be execused, because I'm dying and have lived long enough, so I'm therefore wise. Tell the truth on Reddit. Fuck children under 12 while being a Subway sponsor Define: miss. Describe all  memes I wasted my time looking at in my youth to them. Never letting them get a word in and never letting them get a change to leave Fart in a crowded elevator. I'm gonna save the movie/book "The Martian" and the show it to my grandkids when I'm like 60 years old and tell them it was based on a true story. I'll almost run people over in crosswalks and act like I didn't notice, just like old people do to me every day Shoplift. Definitely. No pants. No fucks given. I'll stick to my weekly itinerary, thank you. Talk directly out of my ass with the utmost confidence. Me: "Are you ready for the Web address?"

Younger Person: "Yeah, go ahead."

Me: "OK.  H, T, T, P, colon, forward slas-"

Younger Person: "Wait, what kind of Web site are you talking about?  Why doesn't it start with a w, w, w?"

I would probably tell that young person to do as I say and watch them be amazed as their browser connects to the Web site address. Grow out a long, grey or white beard, and dress up and act like a wizard... Dementia. I'm going to call up bookie all over town and try to place bets on nonexistent races, bury things in the front yard.... I'm going to try to get my ass kicked. 

Wait for some arguing cocksuckers and  start some old dude shit. What book should someone read to understand you better?  Walden. Jihad for dummies 50 shades of grey American Psycho. Catcher in the Rye. That goddam book is a must for every phony sonovabitch to know me. The Disposessed, by Ursula Le Guin. DSM the Holy Bible Beginning to wish I'd also asked why. 1. Henry V - Shakespeare
2. Hamlet - Shakespeare
3. The Great Gatsby - F. Scott Fitzgerald
4. This Changes Everything - Naomi Klein
5. Plausible Denial - Mark Lane Everybody poops *Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe* or *Tropic of Cancer* Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs then they need to read The Art of War. The Bible und mein kampf. What was the best way you have ever dealt with a bully?  Fucked him in the ass in front of his parents Throwed a iron marble in his head for the one bullying me when I were 6. Kicked out teeths and beaten up the others. People might say that violence never solves anything and the little shits bullying are misunderstod or have problems at home. But trust me as a person who had to deal with it a lot growing up. They. Don't. Listen. To. Words. There are only two things they understand, violence and fear. Responded to his "you wonna fight" chest push with a push that got him tangled up in desks with people in them. Obligatory not me but a friend of mine thinks it's best to wait a few years to really get broke down and start a school schooling to kill the bully Fucked her right in the pussy Sucker punch to the balls She shoved a plastic cup full of Pepsi into me and it went all over my shirt and pants, and this was in the morning so I had to walk around all day like this. She walked away laughing like it was the funniest thing. So I bought a bottle of Pepsi from the vending machine. I found her in the hallway next period, went up behind her and got to pour half the bottle on top of her head before she turned around and started screaming. Made him throw himself down a hill. He was running around and jumping on people's back and smacking them. I casually move myself to the edge of this field and pretend to not notice him. Watching out of the corner of my eye he finally works his way to me and as he ran and jumped I quickly dropped to the ground and he goes over me and down the hill rolling into bushes and branches all the way down. The teacher comes over there and ask why the hell he'd do something that dumb. I looked in the mirror and told myself I need to be a better person. Ignored him **People bullying me:**

Looked into their eyes and searched for the humanity in them and looked inside myself to find the inhumanity in me.

Remind myself that in another life, with different experiences, and an alternative perception of the world I would be them and they would be me.

Stand firm with compassion.

Turn the other cheek and try to rehabilitate, but if that fails, turn away.

**People bullying others:**

The same until the last line.

Turn the other  cheek, but if that fails, strike back at theirs with retribution. What's the last thing that made you smile?  My puppy Upvotes on my last night's  comment A pair of good morning texts from two dear friends. My neighbour's puppy! log lady on Twin Peaks Putting my kids to bed and finally sitting down Reddit steered me towards this: https://i.imgur.com/1JFeTRZ.jpg Bowel movement Downvoting that guy that says "OP's mom" on every thread. My GF telling me she loved me, before that idk it was so long since i smiled or was genuinely happy. My nine year old asked a geopolitical question and intently listened to my explanation. She actually cared. I think my heart grew three sizes. The comments in this thread. So pure and heartwarming, a nice change from the rest of Reddit. WWII. I haven't smiled in over 70 years :'( Some kid was following me home and I got suspicious. When I confronted him, he said that he lived right next door to me. YOU DON'T THINK I WOULD NOTICE IF YOU WERE MY FUCKING NEIGHBOR?!? He was clearly a Russian spy, I thought I was doomed to rape and cyanide. Fortunately demons came from the heavens and ripped his throat out. A police officer saw the whole thing and blamed me like an asshole, and then I got sent to jail. But in my jail cell, the demons came again and showed me the Russian creep's severed head. It really made me smile... I haven't smiled for a long time since then. Jail does that to a man. Vomit cake by FilthyFrank (NSFW?)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R1awrN9NOEY This question. Gilmore Girls OP's mom what was your first job ever?  For my first job I was a nanny! Now I'm an online sex worker. Not sure how that happened... I put packages of fudge into boxes to be shipped and never lived down the joke. Construction. It was a family Business. I worked at a fruit stand that sold flowers and produce. One of those weird ones on the side of the road that aren't actually in a building you know? That started my decline into the terrible world of retail. In a hospital transporting patients. I refereed at a paintball field and fixed the rental equipment at the associated shop when I was 15. After I made a few bucks, I built an Autococker (that I still have) and started working on those guns, upgrading parts, timing, etc. I sold insurance to people buying computers Construction. Delivering meat. Noodle ambassador Dishwasher at a seafood/steak restaurant in South Florida, quit the next day. Non-officially I was mowing lawns around my neighborhood.  Got my first steady paycheck doing auto-body repair. Retail. Besides babysitting, my first job with a paycheck was cooking and offering samples of Totino's pizza in an IGA. 

Edit: "cooking" I was simultaneously a barista at a Starbucks and a receptionist.. in a funeral home. What is the best post you have been apart of that had less than 15 comments?  The one where they were supposed to say "a part" This one! Great job OP! If society is truly getting dumber, what has been the best evidence for this?  decreased reading of books as a hobby, and quality of music declining The YouTube comments section. The popularity of the Kardashians. Container of peanuts: "contains peanuts" Our current presidential nominees Millenials need safe spaces and "trigger" warnings  The success of televised talent shows like The X Factor and how people lap that shit up even though it's so obvious that they're being conned. 

Basically, Simon Cowell's success proves the downfall of humanity Look at our Presidential candidates Snap chat Graduation rates. I think it's because the dumbest people tend to be the loudest, and that has been facilitated by things like the internet.

Not naming any names ^Donald ^Trump using words like Lit - Fam -Bae - Shamalamadingdong as every day common things.

What is wrong with speaking and using proper terms? You won't find any evidence for it because it's not true. People are the same they've always been. You. Jersey Shore vs Mamas Family Keeping up with the Kardashians. What kind of alcohol do you have at home?  All the things Everclear, for when I run out of gasoline. Loads of whisky which is weird since none of us drink it Name it.  From sambuca to Champaign and all the beers in between. Vanilla Extract I'm actually empty right now, i need to stock  back up Tequila, brandy, midori, chocolate liqueur, beer, and isopropyl Fris vodka None. 2 types ;

Drinkable


Industrial Whisky, scotch and beer. Ethanol, methanol For real?  McCormick's, Admiral Nelson, and Kentucky Gentleman

What my guests think they're drinking?  Ketel One, Captain Morgan, and Maker's Mark Currently?

Tequila, Brandy, Anise, Whisky, Apple Brandy, Wine, Beer, Irish Cream, Rompope I always like to keep a bottle of Captain in.  
I also have some beer. What's the best way to turn data (like paid off debt) into a professional looking art piece for the wall?  r/answers [Something like this?](http://www.informationisbeautiful.net/visualizations/making-data-out-of-art-a-short-film/) glue, scissors, crayons and some duct tape. Slap your dick in ink and then frame it What are some things you shouldn't have to ask your S.O. to do?  Put effort into the relationship. I (very briefly) dated a guy who never cleared his dishes when we were done eating or put them in the dishwasher. He would just leave them on the table. I actually broke it off when I brought it up and his response was "my mom always did it, why can't you?" Yikes. Can't believe I thought that relationship was even remotely a good idea. Stick around for you to orgasm as well. Hide your drugs of the police come To steal the Declaration of Independence. It's usually not necessary for the relationship. Asked her to fart in my face during sex Finger up the butt.  Just do it already. NOT hangout one on one with the opposite sex....im not insecure but I dated a chick that didnt see a problem with being friendly with other dudes or letting duded try and talk to her. Her excuse was she didnt wanna be mean. lmao  VICE VERSA have respect for your relationship To have your back. Visit you in the hospital. Help around the house. Example the trash is full, take it out. To have sex with you, especially when you've both agreed to try to have kids. Ask permission to do stuff. As long as you aren't interfering with other plans and aren't gone all the time why would you need permission? Bj To tell our dad we had sex My S.O. once tried to convince me that I was insane for loving my friend Barney, the man who lives in my closet. Barney didn't like that so he showed me the light and convinced me that killing my S.O. was the only option. So... DON'T FUCKING TELL ME THAT BARNEY ISN'T REAL LOVE! That fucking goddamn bitch, that STUPID WHORE! Be honest. Wash it up again as it's not clean enough, you BITCH ! Fucking cheat. What would be a good real life plot twist ?  If Clinton and Trump's scandals were brought into a court setting that found both of them to be convicts before November, and Sanders became the democratic nominee, while the republican party collapsed under its own shit, and Johnson ended up being the remaining opposition to Sanders. We are actually in the matrix You're secretely the opposite gender. Somehow, between now and the election, Rand Paul ends up being the nominee and winning. HIV doesn't really exist and you have all been conned out of trillions of hard earned dollars to make money for big pharma and promote a specific agenda. The Queen decides she's had enough of our shit and invades & takes the US over. God is real and he's a Buddhist. The primaries were just for shits and giggles, and we can have runoffs this time when we vote for the candidates to represent our parties! If I ended up being the good guy You die and you wake up as a snail who had a super long dream living as a human. I was really the lost son of a billionaire the whole time. End with a montage of me spending ridiculous amounts of money for the next 40 years In a relationship who initiates the hug and kiss, the person coming home or the one already there?  "Coming home" implies you live together.

If you are living together and overthink such things, maybe you shouldn't be living together. Either. There's no hard and fast rule for this, but I usually let the person coming home, so they can remove shoes, put down keys/purse, shake off the commute, etc. I believe either, both, neither are all acceptable answers Alex. Both..? I don't know. I haven't really put much thought into it. You welcome someone home with a kiss. Depends, if I'm chillin on my bed all relaxed then I ain't getting up just to hug and kiss. Just kidding I used to jump out my bed when I knew my ex was outside so I can give her a big hug and a kiss. Brb sobbing. Oh, someones had an argument... It doesn't matter. There's no right or wrong way. One partner doesn't owe the other a sign of affection because their either coming home or at home when the other arrives. 

Sometimes my SO is working when I come home, so I initiate. Sometimes I'm welding a sharp knife or doing something else in the kitchen, so he initiates. Sometimes it's impossible to tell who does. Does it matter? Nope. I feel like it's usually the more dominant member of the relationship, I would imagine...or the one who's less exhausted... It depends on the relationship, I have a long-distance one and I'm currently starting my final year at university so visits are hard to work out. My boyfriend had a summer job when I visited this year, and I loved to run up to him and give him snuggles when he came home. I suppose it'd be different for couples that live together since they'd get to see each other every day. Sometimes you have to lay the groundwork for what you want. If you want your husband /wife to initiate when they get home, then you make sure to do that when you get home. Also, if they don't do it, just request that they do. What are the chances you're going to call off work tomorrow?  Pretty slim.  I give it a 99.5% chance I'm going to work tomorrow. 0% 0%  
Tomorrow I get my load home. Millionaires of Reddit, how did you make your first million?  It was just a small loan. Saved it up over twenty years Have you ever moved to a different country? Did it work out or not and why?  I've fairly recently arrived in a new country, after the initial shock I've felt as if it's working out.

Much greater sense of self worth as a result of taking the plunge and going. Nothing good happens inside your comfort zone What is a deal or opportunity at your place of work that most customers could take advantage of if they only knew to ask?  Extended stay, meals provided, just say the magic words: I want to kill myself. It may also get you a room upgrade What is your creepy personal unexplained story no one believes?  When I was a little kid we didn't have A/C. So we opened the windows and the sounds from outside would come inside. Well one night I woke up to buzzing sound around 2am. A VERY loud buzzing sound. So I got up and investigated. I went out to my back porch and in the park behind my house, in a giant field, was SOMETHING. It was big, round, and had lots of lights. At the time I figured it must have been a blimp, like the kind at sporting events. So I went to bed. When I woke up I realized that there is no way it could have been a blimp. It has to have been a UFO. No one believes me when I say I saw a UFO. No one thinks it's serious, they all just lol. One time, me and my sister were coloring in a coloring book on the floor of my sister's room. Our mother didn't let us eat in our rooms, and I know none of us ever did. When we were coloring, I saw out of the corner of my eye a black fly bobbing around on the floor. I screamed, and me and my sister climbed onto the bed. We looked around, didn't see the fly. Suddenly, we saw a fly under a chair. We moved the chair a bit and realized it was a raisin. We poked it to make sure. I'm pretty sure we didn't have any raisins at home at that time, and also my sister didn't even *LIKE* raisins. Okay. I'm done. I'll just walk away with my long, dumb raisin story now. Goodbye. We have a deer head on our wall, there is a oil lamp below it which is made of glass and has a base and a removable glass cover to hide the wick, It's very thin glass. 8 feet away Is a couch.

Our family went outside one summer, came inside the deer head was upside down on our couch and the glass cover for the lamp was sitting upright perfectly beside it wedged between the oil lamp and the candle... how the hell that happened idk. A black-grey cat used to come by my house. It never physically interacted with anything, it was too big to be a domesticated cat but too small to be any wild-cat of that color. It made an unnatural sound, and none of us actually ever saw it move. The whole family has seen this, and none of our friends or extended family believe it. The *weirdest* thing is that when my cat went outside it disappeared...

We think it's related because before my family got the cat (I hadn't been born at that point) wild or stray animals wouldn't hesitate to come around. When they adopted him they stopped, except for the kinds of things cats hunt...and crows...*big* crows, usually, according to my Mom. This included coyotes, other cats, wildcats, *fucking* bears. No one in my town believes it except one of my next-door neighbors...

Fucking New England...

Can't forget the possible witch/family of witches near the college I go too. All of the crows converge on the same house with regularity... My story is fairly recent. Several months ago a colleague told me his wife was pregnant and I don't know why but I felt sorry for him, sad; I wanted to give him a hug. It's stuck out in my mind because it was super confusing. A few weeks later she miscarried. I love sniffing girls' farts, particularly through their panties, and particularly if there is more than one ass in my face Which do you click first when you see something on reddit, the link, or the comments?  9/10 the comments Does anyone click links first? Depends. If it's a dodgy thing I'm going to be clicking, I'll read the comments first. The link if it's a photo, the comments if it's an article. Comments first unless it's a picture. I can skim the comments to see if/why it's a waste of time vs reading the article to see if it was a waste. If the comments are lively or not calling spam I'll read up. But there are those unicorns where I want to believe so much in humanity that I click the link. Do you honestly even care What is something you can add to your apartment to make it look you have your shit together?  Canvas painting (even a $20 walmart one) and a nice looking clock on the wall. Plants. Candles. A nice bin inside the door for umbrellas and stuff. Wooden hangers in your closet for guests. Salt and pepper shakers. Place mats. Hand soap at sinks. Picture frames. Side tables. A portrait of yourself. Full time staff. Butler, a valet, at least 2 maids and 2 cooks. A bowl of lemons A Ming vase. Having home decor definitely shows signs of being a detail oriented person You could add a house? Plants. So many plants. A sink, a poster of your favorite movie (and forget framing, all you need are thumbtacks), window blinds. [Serious] What is your favorite reassuring phrase?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* It does not always have to be this way. We'll live. That's what matters. One (insert relevant noun i.e. step, piece, line) at a time. You got this That nothing matters. Nihilism. Cry as much as you like. I'll be here for you. People don't actually really care about you, they're too focused on making themselves feel "normal" to actually notice. Life sucks, then you die. This will pass It is what it is. It's cool. This too shall pass.. Have it tattoed on me actually Those who have been to Burning Man Festival, what are some stories you have from it?  I'm planning to go to burning man in 2018 so I'll just post that I *hope* to have some stories soon God don't get them started. Don't listen to stories. Just go. What is the best so bad it's good movie?  Kung pow enter the fist Hot Rod and Joe Dirt. If you can get passed being pissed about it, Star Wars Episode 1. It has pod racing, it has the duel with Darth Maul. It has arguably the greatest Star Wars soundtrack. 
But it also has Jar Jar, the asian stereotyped trade federation guys, and dialogue written by George Lucas. Uhm, some Nicholas Cage classics like, "Vampire's Kiss" and "The Wicker Man." 

Additionally, "The Room" (2003) -- I recommend everyone to watch this with their friends and family. Crank 2 High Voltage My personal favorite: Point Break (The original) Wrong Turn Birdemic

A fantastic piece of cinema art that will transpire generations to come Anything by The Asylum.

Their Thor adaptation was AMAZING. Keanu Mario bros. I thought God's Of Egypt was really fun and entertaining. [The undead](http://imdb.com/rg/an_share/title/title/tt0339840/) Piranha 3D & 3DD titanic:legend goes on Ernest Scared Stupid! Killer Clowns from Outer Space Sharknado That's My Boy Hobo With a Shotgun!  Rutger Hauer's finest work to date. Troll 2 and Roadhouse The GOD's must be crazy II Monty Python and the Holy Grail! [Rapsittie Street Kids: Believe In Santa.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEtV7YDiI34)

Honestly it's just... wow.

Edit: [Here's the IMDb page](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0341543/) The Room was high quality cinema in a trainwreck kind of way. It's not groaningly terrible like Birdemic or Sharknado, which intended to be bad from the start - The Room is an earnest work, intended to be good, that simply isn't. A high-quality watch in my opinion. The Room. 

It's a masterpiece Am I the only one who notices the title is gibberish??? [Serious] To former high school bullies, why did you do it?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Thought it was cool to have people afraid of me. Gave me a sense of control when I knew damn well I was failing at everything else. I'm sorry, I was an asshole. I was a bully when I was in 3-6th grade, that was about the time I was in a private christain school. I used to go to a after-school daycare at the YMCA, and I was such a mean fucking kid, and honestly I can't tell you why. I had a lot of friends and I only bullied the kids I wasn't friends with (which ended up being about 5 people out of 50ish). This girl I didn't like parent's got divorced and she was crying in the corner, and all I did was laugh at her and tell her that it was her fault they got divorced.

Another time this kid (who I'm good friends with still today) was super annoying all the time, and any normal mean tactics wouldn't work on him, he was too dense to just simply take offence to minor stuff. So I held out a volley ball in front of me purposefully holding it out so he would kick it, (because he liked to kick balls out of peoples hands apparently) and when he kicked it out of my hands and up into the air I headbutted it and pretended like I got seriously hurt. Needless to say he got sent to the "head admin" of the daycare (basically the principal), and as he sat there at a table while his mom was coming to pick him up and probably beat his ass, he was crying and I just laughed with my friends.

Why did I do it? I honestly have no clue at all, if I had to take a guess, I was really self conscious about myself and I guess by making problems for other people it made me feel better about my own insecurities. 

I don't know what changed, maybe it was just the process of growing up, or maybe my supportive friends and teachers that helped me grow up, but I've made such a big difference since then. I am a pacifist and people tell me I'm the kindest person they've ever met. 

You know how they say, "to defeat your enemy you must first know them" or something similar of the sort. I guess by knowing how to hurt people and make them feel like shit I learned how to exactly avoid that and be socially competent. Do what What do you put on your eggs?  A chicken to hatch them Two slices of bread, a mince and cheese pie and a dash of tomato sauce, its a New Zealand special. Other eggs. A little garlic salt and pepper, sometimes cheese Personal favorite: feta, olives, tomato, spinach, pepper. Tapato sperm Hot sauce. mushrooms, Worcestershire, and a little queso dip if I've got it A little bit of soy sauce. Mushrooms, crushed red pepper, cheese Sriracha and two slices of bread with spinach leaf. Engineers of Reddit, why did you choose to become an engineer and what is your field of choice? [Serious]  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I chose engineering because I excelled in math and science, and it seemed like the field with the best balance of interesting work and decent pay that I would be good at. I went into electrical engineering specifically because I was torn between that and mechanical, so I took a mechanics class and a circuit theory class freshman year of college and did better in circuits Software engineering 

I love solving problems people did not know existed with little information, incomplete specs, dubious data, and faulty users. I became a Sound Engineer. I wanted to be a part of the music industry, and have the knowledge to use some of the moat advanced technology that can be made. It also gives me many opportunities to meet inspirational musicians. I went to school to be an engineer, but couldn't quite cut it. I ended up graduating in 3 years with an associates engineering degree. I love mechanical engineering but the math proved to be a bit much for me. Ideally I wanted to work in R&D with a firearms company (remington, winchester, etc.) Right now I'm working as a branch manager for an agribusiness company. The pay is good, but it has nothing to do with engineering. It's hard to go wrong with an engineering degree in today's job market, but they can be pretty tough to get. If you have any other questions feel free to ask What is a reassuring fact for a common fear?  Neither one of the turds running for president will really get to wield much power in the executive office because they'll find that the opposition to their policies, even at the federal level is so intense that they'll essentially be sitting still for a long time. I mean, don't worry, we'll still bomb brown people on the other side of the world and yell about whether it's okay to do butt stuff, but no one's getting any substantial shit done until someone else runs for president. Fear of snakes: the average human can outrun even the fastest snake. I dunno if that helps, but maybe? Sharks live in saltwater Everyone dies, and given it doesn't happen instantaneously you will die high af. When you think that everyone is looking/laughing at you, it's more likely that no one is paying attention to you at all.

Now that I say that, I'm not sure if that makes things better or makes life even more depressing. So, that may or may not be reassuring. In the Northeast most of the animals people are typically afraid of (bears, coyotes, snakes, spiders) aren't that dangerous if you just see them. Black bears tend to be a bit docile, coyotes are pretty afraid of humans, there's not many spiders that will attack humans, and snakes aren't really that fast... Why does wisdom tooth come later in the age and with such a pain when there is no use of it?  I always thought wisdom teeth were an adaptation by our early ancestors who chewed grain and whatnot, and had to develop back-up teeth later in life because the originals were worn down to smooth nubs. Because there used to be a use of it. Evolution gave it to us, but has no reason to take it away. I would hypothesize that our ancestors had shit dental hygiene and needed spares Just for oral surgeons to make money. /r/answers I always believed it was because a hard life using teeth as tools would cause them to fall out.  Ya get a couple extra when you reach adulthood as a level up What was your weirdest experience with a neighbour?  When I was in college, my roommate and I had a really bad habit of leaving all our doors unlocked whenever one of us was home. Made things easier if one of us forgot our keys, y'know? The guy who lived in the apartment next to us was pretty cool and we never had a problem with him coming into our apartment as long as one of us was there.

One day though while I was in the bathroom he came into my apartment and knocked on the bathroom door. I said I was in there but he came in anyway, and while I was freaking out he just kinda calmly asked if he could borrow my shaving cream.

He brought the shaving cream back an hour later, full beard still intact. Drive bys. Kidnappings. Drug raids. Shootings stabbings and carjackings.

South texas in a nutshell I have 3 neighbors that are total creeps who follow me to places. Sometimes I see one of them standing outside my house "smoking", watching from the window. They don't know each other. odd neighbour who lives perhaps at a block's distance to my place...she drives her car over to the street right in front of my garden, and sits there with the motor running for up to 45 mins doing absolutely nothing, and then speeds off. She does it a few times per year, for no apparent reason.

There are some other stories of badly-behaved neighbours, but hers is the only story that's truly odd. Me and my friend were jumping from my shed onto a trampoline. Then he looks over the fence and tell us to stop perving on his wife from the shed, but his wife has said goodbye to us about 30 minutes  earlier and hadn't come back yet. Anyway a few months later he was arrested for attacking her and trying to rape his own daughter... People who gave up alcohol - how did it make you feel? Both short and long term?  I didn't give up alcohol permanently, but there have been some pretty long stretches where I just didn't drink, for one reason or another. I honestly didn't notice any difference except for a better sleep cycle due to not staying up late drinking... Americans of Reddit, what is the Super Bowl?  A cash cow /r/superbowl has all the info you need It's a concert with a football game in it Also from the UK so not 100% sure I have all the details correct but from watching one I gather it is: hours and hours of commercials interspersed with a few minutes of cos-players dressed as some sort futuristic knights in armor playing catch with an egg. A sporting event that we are UNDEFEATED in...50-0, baby. USA !! USA !! USA !! After playoffs. The two remaining teams play in the Super Bowl. It is the biggest TV event of the year. Its basically a national holiday The Super Bowl is the only 4 hours of the year where people get excited to watch commercials. I have heard a lot about this, but never quite understood it. What is it? Do you enjoy it? Is it like the World Cup? (I am from the UK) It's a national eating event. People gather in their homes, in bars, and other places to ingest large quantities of beer, hot wings, pizza, and what you fereners call 'crisps.' The 2 best teams that have played Football for the past months come together and play against each other. It's an excuse to eat snacks and yell at your TV. You should watch. Comes on first Sunday of every February :) It's this *massive fucking bowl* that people pay hundreds of dollars to eat at once a year. Pretend 'war-battle' for grown-ups.

The contemporary "American" spin on Gladiators and War to entertain those who would've previously found joy from such "exciting" things because there's nothing detrimentally abhorrent happening as of the moment or since the Civil War. 

Literally tho, the game has the same play as an 'ancient' battle strategy. A concert by a famous musician sandwiched between two halves of football (or what many prefer to refer to as hand-egg) and millions of try-hard commercials An experiment in capitalism gone awfully awry A bowl with a piece of angel cake, sliced sweet strawberries and lots and lots of whipped cream. THAT is a super bowl. What is your first name?  backpack Nice try NSA Greatest. Last name, Ever. 

When could you make that joke?

...Never Nyt. Recipe. What Night Tropic Audiophilic The. K Michael Abgalia Addison My first names a little rare, so no. But my middle name is Elizabeth. Slim What is the stupidest infomercial you've seen?  When I was a babysitting my cousins, there was this kids commercial that advertised these bendable race car tracks. They kept on saying how they have magic in them so they bend. I don't remember what they're called, but I think Magic Tracks? After channel surfing through "Hello, Erections!" and "BEEEEST LADDER!!!", I was inspired to post this. Are you on your feet all day? Does the contact pounding cause your ankles, knees and
back to ache?
Hi, Billy Mays here for the worlds greatest insole, Impact Gel.
Why am I smashing my hand with this hammer? To show you the amazing protection you get from Impact Gel.
And this hammer is real.
The same gel technology is used in our Impact Gel insoles.
If you have sore, tired, aching feet, Impact Gel absorbs more shocking pressure than other insoles. Unlike regular insoles that break down over time, Impact Gel is injected into the areas that provide pressure relief where you need it most  the heals and balls of your feet.
The gel never breaks down. And when impact occurs, the insole soaks up the shock and the force now ripples throughout the gel pads. No regular insoles can do that.
Even after continuous pounding, these M&Ms dont break.
Imagine the relief youll feel in all kinds of shoes. They even work in cowboy boots. I use them, and they work.
Talk about shock-absorbency ... Im going to run over my hand with this 6,000-pound car. Thats the power and protection of Impact Gel.
Whether youre a runner, a professional or a stay-at-home mom, you deserve the comfort of Impact Gel. Stop spending hundreds on inferior insoles. Remember, nothing absorbs a shock quite like Impact Gel. "You're gonna love my nuts!" Doctors, nurses, and end-of-life care workers of Reddit, what was the most profound "moment of clarity" you've seen just before someone's death?  What is the greatest thing you've achieved by accident?  Orgasm I once forgot I signed up for an online course and never turned in any of the work. Prof gave me an A at the end of the semester. My son. I won the paper airplane throwing competition in middle school. Bunch of amateurs. In a video game (not literally my greatest achievement but precision:accident ratio it counts) I was playing a very hard computer in an arena style free-for-all (it was Unreal Championship so guns and swords were in play) and it was down to just us two.  He was sniping like a champ and hit me once (next shot would kill me) and I had no fucking idea where he was or even how to get up to the upper levels.  I really didn't even know how to get to a sniper weapon either and even so he was going to hit me any moment since he was accurate and I was just out maneuvering him if at all.  I randomly hit my 'counter' button like five times in desperation.  On the fifth time something hits my shield (basically just a guard on the arm that repels bullets) and then I am declared the victor.  Apperantly I repelled his sniper bullet and it headshotted him; he wasn't even close to me he was about (found out due to camera view after) five hundred feet away and very high up at a 75 degree angle (on a building but that's my guestamation of distance) and I head-shotted him with his own sniper bullet. My daughter. I was playing League of Legends with my boyfriend and his friends. I was still brand new to the game. I pressed the ult button instead of the teleport button by accident. I ended up getting a perfect shot at an enemy on the opposite side of the map and killing them (I was playing Ashe). My boyfriend's friends thought I was some legend for a long time after that. $3,500 at roulette.

Meant to put my money on black, was drunk, put $100 on some number, I don't even remember which. I won, I was surprised. The only fish I ever caught was by accident. I'd been fishing a few times and never caught anything. One summer, working as a camp counselor, I was standing on the dock when an unattended fishing pole that was laying there suddenly started to move. I picked it up and there was a bass on the end of it. The hook hadn't even had any bait on it! I was responsible for placing a number of prominent leaders in my city. It wasn't my final decision, obviously, but I was the search manager responsible for recruiting a number of candidates and narrowing them to the final 3-5 options. 

I never planned on ending up there. I just worked in a job where I had reached the ceiling unless I started working in Sales and I am absolutely not a salesperson. Promo I can do, sales no fucking way. 

So I submitted my resume to a recruitment company. Went through their prescreen thing. Some time later they asked if I was interested in a position at a recruitment company. I thought that was sweet cause I liked the office I went in to interview at and thought I could handle that sort of job. 

While preparing for the interview I thought there was no way. Everyone who worked there had a degree at minimum, major industry experience, interesting sounding outreach stuff. I went anyways. Hit it off extremely well with the Office Manager that interviewed me, but still thought there was no way. 

And I got the job. It was a reception position but I was also hired to be an exec assistant to the CEO, which was unimaginable to me. But turns out I could do it. Within 3 months they promoted me to Search Assistant. 3 months after that they moved me up to Search Manager and I was working on my own roles. 

tl;dr// hit the ceiling at one job, took the chance at a job way outside what I thought I could do, did well at it, got promoted real fast, ended up falling in to a highly prestigious job. Not me, but my boyfriend.

The left-hand hinge of my laptop screen was broken, so I couldn't close it properly. My boyfriend knocked it off the end of the table, the impact of which caused an inside support jut out and hold the screen in place. I could then shut my laptop. I applied for a overseas internship whilst hammered. I got accepted and it was the best summer of my life. In college some girlfriends and I were at a bar/pool hall. Some loud,drunk jock guys came in and demanded we give up the table we had. Since they were pawing at us and making lewd comments,we were not inclined. They said they would play us for the table and losers had to leave the bar immediately. OK,fine. I have no skills or real knowledge of the game. Somehow I sank the eight ball in on the break. I had no idea you could win doing that until they started yelling and cursing us as they left.  What are the odds? Despite my best efforts, I'm still alive after 60 years. Bullseye in dart. I beat Dark Souls my son I don't know how much of an achievement it was, but I used to work nights - one night we were out on our smoke break, all sitting in a big circle with cups of coffee, passing a lighter round. I was the last one to use the lighter and was sitting directly opposite the girl it belonged to. Tried to throw it back to her; ended up throwing it straight into her full cup of coffee. Couldn't have done it on purpose to save my life. I still treasure her look of total disappointment. I did a 360 noscope through smoke with an Awp across mid on Mirage once. Parenthood. My son is the result of a failed condom. He's pretty awesome. Life I've probably avoided death by accident a few times Last week I spent ~$240 on almost $2000 worth of stuff (mostly jewelry) for reselling and I paid my rent today so that's pretty great imo. I made homemade quesadillas in my George Foreman Grill for dinner and accidentally dropped some cheese on the outside of the tortilla... best mistake I ever made. Met my husband :) in the 11th Grade a class door open and the pressure inside was let out into a little wind that aroused me. 

Erection, for those that don't follow. As far as you mom and I are concerened it's definetly not you What celebrity(s) that's under 21 would you like to see naked?  Your sister Not too many I can think of Had to think about this for a solid 30 seconds. I don't know any celebrities under 21. Sasha Pieterse. Madelaine McCann. Then we can start the autopsy and get some real answers. [deleted] Who has had the least claim to fame but has impacted in the largest way?  Rosa Parks. The woman was tired from a long day of working and just wanted to sit. She wasn't trying to change the world but she did. Your favorite fictional character turns into your new pet cat. What's your new cat's personality like?  Horny Psychopathic Darth Vader, so... pretty much the same? Dead What time do you get up for work in the morning?  Used to be 6, now I'm unemployed and I sleep until 11. I get up at about 5:30 regardless of work or not. 4:30-5 8 If I am getting my son on the bus,  0600.  If my man is, then 0900. I got fired this week. Vietnam flashbacks ensues. I get up at 6:30, just curious if that is considered early or late. 6:45 AM My alarm is set for 2 hours before my shift starts. I usually get out of bed 1 hour before my shift. Wake up at 12pm. In work at 12:45. 8:20 AM, then set timer for 20 more minutes. I get to work around 9:45-10AM, go home around 7-8. My ideal day I'll wake up 3am. 6:25am 3:50am, gives me 20 minutes to get ready. Then 50 minutes to walk to work, if I can walk fast enough What do you do in an interview that sets you above the rest?  Show up Fart with *no smell* Actually seem enthusiastic and passionate about the position. Show the interviewer that you're really interested in or even enjoy the field you're in Wear a penguin costume. Give a toss. Firm handshake, great eye contact, polite and positive smalltalk with interviewer. Stand on a ladder. Fashion/ wardrobe:

men:

nice suit with non-flashy tie, go for plain or only lightly patterned.

your shirt should be blue / white / grey - do not go for power colors such as purple / red / yellow / orange

the color of your belt should match your shoes.

have a briefcase / folio in which you bring additional copies of your resume

have showered, do NOT use cologne, can go wrong way too easily

hair combed, use wax / gel if need be - your hair should look presentable and not like you just woke up

wear a watch - you do not want to use your phone to check the time

Women:

Wear a suit or a nice blazer over nice blouse with a skirt / pants combo.

Minimize use of jewelry and when you do use it, keep it simple. No excessive, dangly or ornate necklaces / earrings.

If you wear a skirt, at its shortest it should only be one or two inches above your knees

If you can wear your outfit to a club, it is not the right outfit.

If you are wearing a sleeveless top, wear a blazer or cardigan over.

If you bring a handbag, it should be structured and be able to stand on its own. Bring extra copies of your resume in it.

No excessive make up. Your employer should know what you look like.

Shirt should not be low cut at all regardless of the gender of your interviewer.

When in doubt, dress on the conservative side.

No perfume. Just no.

Shoes should be classy and walkable the entire day. Nothing over two inches in heel and absolutely no boots of any kind.

Manners:

You show up to the interview at least 15 minutes early

Very first thing you do is introduce yourself to the interviewer and thank them for taking the time out of your day to meet with you.

Under NO circumstances do you swear or say anything negative about your previous employers even if they ask.

Try your best to reduce the amount of "ums" when you speak. Some silence when answering a question IS NOT BAD.

Be honest and do not lie. Future employers will find out.

When the interview is done, shake your interviewer's hand again and thank them for their time once more.

Send them a thank you email with clear references to some of the things mentioned in the interview. Redditors who work in the food industry, what is the most disgusting thing you have done to a customers meal?  Cook it properly. Given them old fries.  (I make it a habit not to do something to anyone's food.  If I have a problem with a customer and either can't handle it myself or don't trust myself not to get bitchy with them, I ask the manager to come up front.) Been in the bar industry for over 17 years. Never did nor saw anyone do anything to a guest's food/drink. However, years ago, a line cook quit halfway through a crazy busy football Sunday shift because he was hungover and wasn't feeling it. When he came back to pick up his last paycheck, he marched back to the kitchen and told them to make him a burger (I wasn't there for that part but I heard he asked pretty rudely too). The things I saw the two cooks back there do to that burger patty - think the diner scene in Road Trip - then add some other bodily functions. I had to leave while I watched him eat it so as to not vomit mid-shift. Why aren't more people and politicians concerned with our budget deficit and national debt?  Why would they be? 

The people they work for dont care Because to feasibly fix it we need too cut funding to a lot of free programs or raise taxes a lot and those are both unpopular People don't care because individuals really can't do much about it. Politicians don't care because they're too busy watching the money flowing into their own pockets. You can't wrap your head around thirteen trillion dollars, so it just doesn't matter. Because it makes more sense for those politicians to blame the problem on everyone else in an effort to not be exposed as the corrupt agency they are. Let's blame the debt problems on those lazy single moms on welfare and not the guy at the top of the food chain who is willfully scamming millions out of their money. Yep, it's the illegal aliens taking our jobs and ruining the economy, definitely not the officials taking advantage of the average hardworking American. As long as they have their money and power they dont care. Can someone breakdown what Vaporwave is and its origins?  Its a slang term for software that has had a long development period.   It could either be applied to something that has been in development for many months or years or also for something that might not actually get released.

A good example of vaporware is Duke Nukem Forever, which was in development for many years. vaporware is software that has been announced publicly as being available "real soon now", but is never released. either because they never actually wrote it, started to but ran into funding problems, or whatever. 

first mention i ever heard of it was referring to the "shipping real soon now" microsoft version of Unix known as "Xenix" -- which did in fact eventually ship. [This](https://youtu.be/-WNrjWSJwf8) What is your favorite drink to order at the bar?  If I were 21, I would probably mostly order beer if they had decent beer available. Probably a beer. Most of the time Im driving anyway and Im not a big enough idiot to drink spirits then drive [deleted] Beer, My favorite drink is Rum and Coke but they're overpriced and waay too weak at the bar. Some sort of real ale/craft beer, ideally an IPA or other pale ale.

If they don't have any craft beer I'll have whatever mainstream pale ales they've got on draft, and if they don't have that either, I'm probably in the wrong pub. A pint. Beer, whisky or scotch. Budweiser, as always. Women, how was your first kiss with another girl?  I'll let you know! It was... actually it was kinda hot. I was 19, at a house party, and the song *Back that ass up* by Juvenile was playing; a group of us were dancing. Andrea grabbed me, pushed me backwards so I was against the wall, and just started kissing me frantically. So, I started kissing her back! She moved her hands down and grabbed my wrists and then pinned my arms up above my head while we continued to make out. 

It was about that time I noticed the camera flashes going off - no cell phones, this was 2001! - so I put an end to things. It was good, though. She was a great kisser! I'm 100% straight, FTR, no bi-curiosity. Infinitely more sensual than with the men I have been with. Girls are fun to kiss/make out with because (in my experience) it is what I usually wish a man would know to do for me. It was drunk. Awkward. The actual kiss was fine, but what happened after was so embarrassing. She said "ow" because her hair got stuck on something and the only thing that my dumb brain could think of was asking "oh my god did i bite you" and I have no clue why I said it Generally girls are excellent kissers. 1st one was one of the best though. What's the nicest thing a complete stranger has done for you?  Saw that I was paying for $4 worth of gas so he Payed for $20 worth so I can get to work. I live around the corner from a 24 hour laundromat. 

A few years ago, I worked the late night shift managing a restaurant in Manhattan and often washed my clothes in the middle of the night. 

Because the laundromat is around the corner, I go home while my clothes are in the machine. 

One night, I returned to the laundromat to switch machines only to find that my clothes were already in the dryer. 

The man who mops the floors in the laundromat came up to me and said, "I put your clothes in the dryer. I know you work hard and probably want to go to bed"

How nice was that? Our local postman bought me 4 mars bars when I was about 8 for absolutely no reason. Bought me a train ticket home when I missed my connecting train Given me directions They looked at my undergraduate college application and decided to give me an acceptance letter. at the beginning of the semester I was at IKEA, checking out at the self-checkout and grumbling to my flatmate about how expensive it was going to end up being. the lady watching over the self-checkout must have overheard, because she slipped me a coupon for 20 off when you spend over 100 and told me that her son is a student too so she's trying to help out students as much as possible. Bought me groceries. I've been seeing him since. Made some small talk with an older lady while waiting in line at Dunkin Donuts. I went to pay for my coffee with a gift card, and she told me to save it for another day and paid for my coffee.  
Sure it was only $2 but no one ever shows me kindness like that, and given how anxious any kind of social interaction causes me it felt like a huge sense of relief. If you could have lived your teen years in a different decade which would you pick and why?  80s, fuckin hot pink and mullets, everybody wasn't staring at their phones, you didn't have to work as hard 120's AD No idea what time exactly but as long as there is no strict police law and where street justice rules the world.

Old west for example, you can get paid for bounty hunting, literally killing bad people for cash.

I like the eye for an eye style. wouldn't change a thing..the 70's rocked The '20s. It would have been interesting to meet Jesus. 2070

Maybe i'd be living in Mars, it would be cool. Whats some of the most terrifying shit youve heard a child say?  You're old. My 4 y/o sister says the tall shadow behind grandma wont go away . You're going to die before I do. You travel back in time and are able to give your 12 year old self a 1 minute message. What do you say?  enjoy this one minute massage, child. Hey, it's me, you from the future! Boo! In about 5 years you'll start hearing about this thing called bitcoin. You need to get on it FAST. Like spend everything you got on it, and mine them while your shitty computer still has the power to keep up. They will be worth $1000/1, you'll be set for life. Also - when she says "I'm a free bird" she wants to you put your moves on her. Good luck. Guess who invented time travel? * High Five* "Wow. You really are fat, kid." It gets better. Everything you are doing will pay off. I tuck my cock and balls back between my thighs mangina style, then drop my pants and say "Hey buddy, it's me, future you... just came back to warn you, if you touch your winky you'll catch knob cancer and it'll just come off in your hands!"  

(I know it's kind of a dick move, but you can't pass up the pranking opportunity time travel grants even if you are your only victim) Listen. 6 years from now, you'll be able to go back in time and give a 1 minute message to your 12 year old self. Think into something better than I did. Don't go on Reddit. Spare yourself. When you get into high school, you are going to have the choice between working hard and slacking off. Work hard and take Honors History in sophomore year. Trust me. Sophomore year might still be a nightmare, but it *will* get better. When you start feeling sad, seek a therapist. If you start having doubts about Lloyd Williams, *immediately* bring up your desire to find a different therapist. Be better than me, and be yourself, and don't do anything I would have done. STOP PROCRASTINATING ALL THE TIME, BITCH. YOU HAVE BEEN DOING IT SONCE 3RD GRADE ALREADY JUST STOP. STOP. I CAME FROM THE FUTURE AND, BELIEVE ME, HAVING THIS HABIT IS BAD AS HELL. SO STOP. DON'T DEVELOPE IT. 1 minute long burp "Don't take your meds and demand other solutions to your learning disabilities be looked into, or even just deal with being a crappy student. Because you end up a crappy student anyway but it doesn't really matter, thats not a death sentence. This way you can be a crappy student who wasn't socially inept." brighter days ahead. keep going. shit'll be alright. Keep drawing through high school, even though you get in for vocal. It's not gonna be your life's calling or anything but the rough approximation of skill will be useful in the future. programming is your passion. you just don't know it yet. Don't freak out about late puberty. you'll hit it summer after sophomore year. forget good grades. just pass. you'll do the first 2 years in community college regardless. no money. be nicer to your older brother. I love you. Porbably the winning lottery ticket numbers, and to invest in bitcoin. Also I'd probably tell myself that there is going to be a civil war in Syria orchestrated by USA proxies to destabilize the middle east in order to keep control of the oil. Buy bitcoins. Don't get the iPod, get bitcoins Don't go to camp next year In 2015, bet *everything* on Leicester. I wouldnt say anything. Any information could change the outcome, and ruin my not so shitty life right now I was 12 in the mid-60s:

Run away from home.

The system is rigged.  When you do what your parents want, they'll knock you for not being bolder.  When you get bold, they start screaming.  

Steal the money from their cash stash, catch a Greyhound to San Francisco and head for a place called the Haight You'll be all right there for a couple of years till you figure out what you want to do. See if you can get work from a hairy guy named Bill Graham.

As to why:  I knew a guy who did this, at 12.  (Knew him much later.) Got along fine, then and now. You know how your mom and dad seem to be doing well together.  They aren't.  So get ready to be really disappointed and sad.  

Just saying. [Your best friend] has bipolar disorder and you aren't actually crazy. Do not disappear because she makes up shit about you and do not let her turn your friends against you. I know it's hard to believe, but they like you more. Also, Dad is cheating on Mom and you can't let that define your perception of men for the rest of your life. It's not worth it. It's also a good idea to stay in therapy and be nicer to mom. Shit is really hitting the fan for her. She needs an ally. Don't stay in a relationship longer than 3 years if it starts in High School. It's not worth missing out on the fun times (but always use birth control, duh) and you'll leave him anyway down the line. Travel as much as possible. "Hey pal, grab a pen for me... ok got it? Write this down."

"Apple"
"Google"
"Ebay"
"Paypal"
"Bitcoins"

"Cash out your bonds. Buy a ton of Apple when its cheap, and invest/pick up stock for the rest when they IPO. You're rich. Spend a thousand bucks on Bitcoins when they become a thing. You're now internet rich. And in High School, both Lauren and Traci like you, idiot. Seriously, pull your head out of your ass." Lighten up. Make time for way more fun in college. Start working out now. And use every cent of your bat mitzvah money to buy all the stock in Apple that you can! Oooh. Good one.
"Hey dude...You're going to the emergency room in a couple of years and your testicle is going to be swollen. DEMAND to go to a Urologist, immediately. The ER doc is a moron and you are going to be down a testicle if you don't.  It is not an infection. I REPEAT...IT IS NOT AN INFECTION" Yeah...you're pretentious and you don't know the answer to South African economic troubles. "Write down all these winning lottery numbers and long-shot sports scores..." "don't go to grad school, maybe get a master's, but don't even think about getting a PhD, huge waste of time" Start listening to more rock music, you'll thank me soon enough. Practice drawing. Every. Single. Day. [Crushes' Name] turns out to be a dick and is not worth obsessing over, pardon my French. Spoiler alert, you'll find a much better boy in a few years. Also, stand up to [Ex-friend's Name] and don't let her push you around so much, because no matter what she says you have nothing to be insecure about. Finally, you'll probably regret some stuff you've done and definitely some stuff you haven't done yet, but don't sweat it too much because no one is going to remember in a few years. BUY GOOGLE STOCKS  
ALL OF THEM I wish I was as fat as I thought I was when I was your age. Protip- don't take up baking as a hobby. "These bitches aren't shit little homie, don't waste your time stressing over them" The ipod is absolutely not the biggest thing Apple will do.  DO NOT SELL THAT STOCK! Here kid,  this is a smartphone with all you need to become wealthy.  Take note of all the lotto numbers and the Delaware address for creating shell corporations.  And here's the charger. The amount of times this question has been asked, my 12 year old self would be sick of seeing me. Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin! Buy a lot and then sell at the peak. don't wear those ugly ass jeanss Evolution is real, and ditch the 2 "best friends." Talk to more people Avoid the bitch named ____. Keep your Pokmon and Magic cards. All of them. They might not be worth much now, but that Black Lotus of yours will be worth more than the two hundred you'll get in a couple of years. Sell them all a few weeks before your 21th birthday. 
Here are the powerball numbers for the day you turn 21, use all of the money from the cards to get tickets. Buy bitcoins when they come into existence, sell them when they are worth 1000 dollars. Don't buy them again. Then put your entire worth into Leicester winning the premier league in 2016, and bankrupt several casinos. 
Have a great day. Learn how to be decisive and contented with your decisions. You'll be needing that a lot. Invest in real estate Stand up for yourself, wear different clothes, tell mom and dad that they need to get you checked. Microsoft stock " Hey, I'm you, see, look, we've got the same scar, [brother] gave it to us. listen, this will make things easier: shave your head, don't trust [old friend], and look up asexuality. " I would spend the remaining seconds cuddling my kittens, who are now grown cats. "Find Ryan [Lastname]. As soon as you can. Don't wait." WATCH THE CARBS! PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, EXERCISE! DONT MAKE THE MISTAKE I DID! Also bitcoin. Buy apple stock You are transgender.  Start working on accepting this now instead of waiting another couple of decades. You don't have to tell anyone yet but don't try to act like something you're not. You will eventually meet great people who accept you as you are.  Those that don't  ultimately don't figure prominently or at all in your life. Lol get gud kid Self reflect and apply critical thought. 

You probably don't know what I mean by "critical thought"

Get a dictionary, look up both words

Reflect the extent of your knowledge off their definitions.

Process.

do. High school is gonna suck for you fatass Redditors with a mental disorder characterized by hallucinations: what did/do you see when hallucinating (in retrospect)? Was it like what's portrayed in "A Beautiful Mind"?  Derealization : reality being distorted & not knowing the difference beyween dreams & "real" life. I have sensory input issues so I don't hallucinate things that aren't there but my vision exaggerates things sometimes like be extremely choppy or fast or the edges of things will get really defined and weird and details of things get really saturated I guess? It's hard to explain but never has caused me to become delusional The worst time for me was Hell.  I saw the fire, smelled the smoke and burning flesh, felt the heat, heard the screams...the works.  I scared the life out of my best friend. Similar to /u/cleverpsychonaut, I get derealisation and feel like I'm a ghost/not real/dead/empty, like I'm in a movie. It's fucking horrible. I don't recognise my own face in mirrors. The pavement moves. I hear voices, sometimes screaming, but can't make out what they're saying. I see figures out of the corners of my eyes. I see insects a lot too. Gamers/Drinkers of Reddit, what is the best game to play drunk?  Gangbeasts is a load of fun. 

Civ 5 is not. Umm Mario Cart of course. Vodka gave me some mad War Thunder aerial skills

But the aim was shit Drunk souls Just about every driving/racing game is the tits when you're wasted.

Personal faves include Need For Speed: Most Wanted and Gran Turismo (any one) When I played WoW (Vanilla to LK), we would have drunken raiding nights (amongst other themed raiding nights) and usually made BWL, MC, or Onyxia into a drinking game. DPS pull aggro? that's a drink. Hunter pull the whole room? that's a drink. DPS standing in the fire? that's a drink. Tank died? chug it. I played a priest.. that shit got hard. Rocket League.

Spirits dull the harsh words from your teammates and the disappointment from your own performance. I tried battlefield 4 the other day when I was out of my face twatted.

There was like a 3 second delay between my brain and my thumbs it was a nightmare. Keep talking and no body blows up I used to play gears of war 2 drunk all the time! I was so much more relaxed, and let's face it that shotgun didn't need much aiming... I really enjoy GTA5 and Battlefield 4 whilst having libation. Wii sports, unless you value your friendships and your living room furniture. Pick up a copy of bullet storm

Anytime you unlock a new kill style or someone makes vulgar jokes/curses, take a shot

You'll be shitfaced 1/4of the way into the game lmao

If already drunk and playing it, good luck, ya gonna need it at times with those delayed reactions time Euro truck simulator. Or Drunk Driving simulator. A great thing to remember is when changing lanes if the car hits you there is no fine. Drunkbourne / Drunk Souls Dark Souls or Bloodbourne Settlers of Catan as long as one of your friends isn't that guy who makes sheep-fucking jokes every time somebody asks for wool.

So Settlers as long as you don't play with *me*. I'm going to go controversial and say Dungeons and Dragons. The most fun comes from terrible decisions! There was this game called "Nightcrawlers" I played with a friend once. You wiggle around on the floor like worms in the dirt, it's pretty fun. Though I lost my taste for it when I transformed into a giant worm for a few days. Everyone denies that it happened but FUCK EM I know my body. 

Everyone else treated it like an imagination-based game, like the casual losers that they are. But for me, the magic of the game was real. I BECAME a creature of the night, and I could've sworn my friends did too. A lot of them stopped playing with me when this demon-worm, one of my friends I suppose, convinced me to try to bite the neck of one of my other friends. I said I'd drive him to the hospital but worms started coming out of him so I dumped him out in the woods. Any OG Nintendo game, Smash Bros 64, Mario Kart, Garfield Kart, Zelda etc. A lot of those games have fairly simple mechanics so it's a lot easier than modern games with a thousand things happening at once. Run 2. Drunk flash gaming ftw. Real Steel A game that's a blast to get drunk while playing - Rocksmith. A couple drinks between songs, next thing you know you're smashed and just as bad as when you started.  
If not, guitar hero/rock band is still good times when drunk As long as you're not really drunk, Rocket League can be a good option. I am over here trying to play MLB: The Show and just getting my ass kicked. Definitely not a game to play under the influence Counter Strike Global Offensive.

Even better when you're queued up with friends who are also drunk. In real life? [Everyone is John](https://1d4chan.org/wiki/Everyone_Is_John).

**Summary**: *One person is John. They describe a place they wake up. Everybody else is a different voice in John's head. They all jot down a couple of skills they are particularly good at, and some obsessions they want John to complete. Then they bid to control John and get him to complete their personal obsessions.*

I have had some fantastic memories of drunk friends deciding it is time to murder their way out of a hospital nursery using babies as nun-chucks, killing Hitler, trying to have sex with a sword and cutting off John's genitals and a dozen other things. I had so much fun playing MW3 smaaashhdd. Went 21-69 one game just using the riot shield and RPG. Damn so fun. Chicken I used to really like to play the first Two Worlds game drunk. It's a clunky mess of an RPG, but kind of earnest in its own way (the devs did most/all of the voice acting). Plus, the only penalty for death is having to teleport back to a respawn. It just makes sense to play drunk because the whole game is about being an overpowered jerk who literally can't die. Great fun. Other, better games are sometimes less fun when drunk because they punish you harshly for dying. Another worthwhile mention is ATV Racing. 

It was exactly what it sounds like, a video game about racing on ATVs. And like real ATVs, it is mad easy to flip yourself off. So every time you fall off your ATV, you drink. Or if you get lapped, you drink. It was always a fun, drunken time. Team Fortress 2 is very fun in a drunk team Killing Floor aka Drinking Floor.

1shot x how many players you've got in the lobby at the start of the game (max is 6)

1 shot after every round

1 shot if you die during a round 

1 shot if you have to ask for money

1 shot every time you buy a new weapon

If your squad gets wiped out before you get to the final round you take 1 shot x the round you lost in Not rocket league ranked I find any sort of shooting game is a lot of fun. Overwatch especially.
League is brilliant too. you relax a lot more and any abuse doesn't bother you (stupid shitty community sober or not.) 
Just take my advice, do not play ranked/competitive while drunk Death Road to Canada is pretty fun while having a few beers. 

The Sims 3 with mods and cheats enabled. Build a crazy house and fill it with people that don't  like each other. I really enjoy playing games like Overwatch. Fun, lighthearted, and you can have some fun banter in all chat with the other team Xcom. Drink the feelings of failure away. Soul caliber 2 using a deck of cards from 10-ace. One person red and the other black so you have 2 of each. Ace, king and queen are your best characters. Jack picks the opponent character.  10 is pick your own(can't be the 3 chosen people). 9 is random character. Each loss is a drink. If you draw the same card it begins a tournament. Drink before the tournament. In some cases a rock paper scissors is needed to select who will go first such as when both draw a 10. In which case another drink is taken.  Each card has a point value, Ace being 5, a king is 4 and so on. The most points at the end wins. 

On mobile so sorry for format. NHL 2000 or 2002 

The announcers are hilarious and you can hold your stick in front of you, charge across the ice and crosscheck a guy in the face with no penalty.

Mario Party the first one is a close second. League. You are able to flame any person at any point beyond your ability to flame. Rocket League. 

Lose 10-0 while sober? Worst experience of your life. 

Lose 10-0 while drunk? who gives a shit, and yes I'd like to play another match. Point guard, for sure. Nuclear Throne How has no one said Mario Party? That game is so random and swingy that when you're drunk it turns into this massive dramatic battle in your head. Plus being smashed always closes the skill gap in the minigames. UFC2 online Dwarf Fortress. Pretty much a shot of beer every time my dwarves drink. Don't last too long: me or the Fortress Halo custom games while on a team full of drunks. Chess Who would you go back in time to assassinate even if you knew going back would cause a paradox?  You, because then you wouldn't have written this post! Charles Darwin. I would have Hillary aborted. Does that count? The last meal you had is now the meal you'll be eating for the rest of your life. How is it?  A mild curry. 

Not as spicy as a good meme but decent flavour. Pizza. I am happy Yay hotdogs :p not. It was one of those new Devour brand frozen dinners. The pulled chicken burrito bowl. It was terrible even by frozen meal standards. The rest of my life is going to be gassy. Pan cooked chicken stirfry with some good ass seasonings. Well, Looks like I'm eating clean forever atleast! Gumbo, yum. :) I'd be poor.  I can't afford a $9 salad for every meal Oh man...cornflakes :/ Pretty great. Shrimp tempura over steamed vegetables and rice. 
Do I have to get it from the food truck every meal though? Or is it magically delivered to my current location? Awesome.  Homemade Brunswick Stew I had up in the freezer.  Made it in my crock pot.  Went as far as making the BBQ pulled pork that went into the stew.


I need to make some more pulled pork. Paella, I'm going to have high cholesterol haha Soylent, kinda the short term plan anyway. A handful of trail mix and some Hormel pepperoni's. I'm screwed. [Serious] In Windows 10, when playing a game in Windowed mode, why does clicking in the lower right hand corner click out of the game?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* you may have notifications turned on and there is a notification in the background? It's because the very bottom right corner of the windows taskbar is desktop peak which closes all windows and brings you back to your desktop, if you click the same spot again once on your desktop, it will open all the windows that it closed the first time you clicked. [deleted] You have the ability to master one language instantly, but it must be a language less than 10 million people speak - Which is it and why?  Latin

I can pretend that I'm smart and you never know when you need some ominous chanting Icelandic, I really like the language and the country and would love to visit but I'd never bother learning it, too hard and not useful enough Linear A Ancient Sumerian. So I can ask Crom for the strength to vanquish my enemies. Welsh. Because I live close to the Welsh border (North Wales, where the Welsh language is most prevalent) and  it would be nice to be able to speak to the locals in their language instead of mine. Esperanto, so i can take advantage of their travel network. *-* If I choose Latin will it be both Ecclesiastical Latin and Classical Latin?. If so, then science, and altar boys for me! Tigrinya, because it's crazy difficult but also useful for working with refugees, which is something I would like to do more of. Or possibly Icelandic, because I think it's a nice country. Does the 10 million mean they speak it as a first language? Fluent foreigners? Additionally, would Dothraki, High Valerian, or Klingon count? For these fictional examples, would I become fluent in that language in respect to parts of the language that have not been established yet? What's the most interesting fact about Italy?  It looks like a big boot! There is an entire country inside its capital. Apparently they still have a huge fear of Satanism. The prosecutor in the Amanda Knox case was obsessed with whether she was part of a Satanic cult. in italy, and alot of europe, public restrooms cost money. A half euro to piss on the road, unless you stop at the gas stations, which are shaped like museum gift shops except with candy and shit There are Italians there Their women are just.... the best. What benifits would an assault weapons ban bring to the US?  People would actually have to aim Loss of hundreds of jobs at gun and ammo manufacturing plants. The mentally ill wouldn't be able to shoot 70 people (Aurora theater shooting) or 103 people (Orlando nightclub shooting) in a matter of a minute or two. So fewer casualties. I honestly don't know anything. It would take away jobs I would imagine and it would also create a black market. If it's anything like the previous one it would just cause a headache for everyone that supports the secound amendment and make people feel falsely safer. Mexico would be the beneficiary. Someone said "black market" I agree. Criminals will get their weapon of choice, no matter what. I don't see any benefit. Uninformed people would get warm fuzzies. [deleted] [deleted] What book really affected you (positively or negatively) ?  Cormac McCarthy's, "The Road" 
Soooooo bleak. High Fidelity. If you really want to understand men, this is your book. 1984 has left me staunchly anti-authoritarian in all of its forms. The Art of War. Taught me how to get an edge over people. Is there a setting on Reddit that would make the pictures show up full-screen on my computer like they do on my phone?  Ladies, on a scale of 1 to 10, how awful was your first period and why?  I'm not a lady, but when I gave oral to my girlfriend it tasted like a penny 1. why? cuz of my normal organism 10. It was heavy and unexpected. 10. I was in 6th grade and had to go to school early for band practice. Halfway through I noticed something felt odd in the pantaloons. When I got to the bathroom to check, about a third of my backside was covered in blood. I started freaking out because I realized that most of the band kids probably noticed when I walked away. Rather than going back to practice I went and stood in the foyer of my school bawling my eyes out while I called my mom. My principal saw me crying and approached me, I was already embarrassed enough and then I had to explain to him that I had gotten my period and it soaked all the way through my pants. Worse day ever. I honestly can't remember too much.. Just that my stomach hurt a *tonne*. And that they just got worse from there. I'd say a 9 because I know it can always be worse! I was changing my pad once an hour. It was hell. Then my PE (sport) teacher wouldn't listen when I said I couldn't swim because I had my period. He told me to just use a tampon. Looking back on it I am horrified that a grown man expected a 14yo girl to be ok with sticking something up her vagina. Hey Reddit, If you could pick, who would be the Jiminy Cricket(conscience) on your shoulder?  Morgan freeman. Donald Trump Mark Hamill. #JOOOOOOOHNNNN CEEENNAAAAAAA A little Gabe Newell Robin Williams. Comical ongoing stream of encouragement with the capability to get serious as hell *Good Will Hunting* style when I'm about to fuck something up. Dan Gheesling Dave Chappelle OP's mom. With Abraham Lincoln as a backup. Morgan Freeman.  That beautiful voice can convince me to do anything. I would also request that he narrate my life from time to time.

"I wish I could tell you that stos313 fought the good fight, and the bottle of bourbon let him be.  I wish I could tell you that- but Detroit is no fairy-tale world." Bill Murray What's a thought you're sure that only you have had?  Having diarrhea naked in an antigravity environment. Sliding naked down a 50 foot razor blade...into a pool of rubbing alcohol. Thoughts that I created into drawings. I go onto Google and search for drawings or artwork that may be like them. None exist or even come close to what I have. That being known, I feel that some of my drawings are unique. But, time will tell. My super rad film script. That the ops username is super cool. Being locked in the bathroom with all my coworkers and boss and desperately having to poop. Does food network use actors on the shows that ask customers about the food I.e. Hell's Kitchen, kitchen impossible, DDD?  Spoken from experience, EVERYTHING is scripted, including the 'reality' shows. Former short people who are now 6ft+, How much did your life change starting from that growth spurt?  Tripping or otherwise stumbling hurt a LOT more. So, I learned to pay more attention to my balance and my surroundings so that I would not easily stumble. That's what I remember. (5ft1in around age 12, 6ft'0' by age 13). I notice more bald people. I used to be a short scrawny kid in middle school everyone picked on. I was a social outcast. At about 10th grade I spurted up into my height now which is 6'2. I also gained a bunch of weight. Sometime in there I will admit I had lost my mind and stopped caring about myself in terms of safety. So when I did get picked on I was quicker to fight back because I just didn't care. 

Now I am the same height. The first thing you notice about me is my height and the fact I am redhead. I am a big guy, but there are taller. I would say I generally get more respect in the sense that they just don't want any trouble. Is it based on my size?  Who knows? The odds are equal imo.

Other than that my life is as shitty as ever. You could just delete the first two words of your question really... What did you struggle to remember and then suddenly thought of later?  My girlfriend's mother's name. Ugh. reserving this post for when i remember what i wanted to say later What activities can you do with friends that costs absolutely nothing?  Reposting on askreddit Converse. Circle jerk. fuck There's a fun game called spy fall on the Internet. It's very social and I have had a great time playing it with friends Hiking. Provided you live within walking or biking distance to a decent trail. What movie left you speechless?  Ex machina

It left me speechless and with chills Event Horizon.  I couldn't talk even if I wanted to because I was crying and shaking uncontrollably. Your mom's sextape. Pan's Labyrinth at the end. The Imitation Game The road. It was so depressing but beautifully done. Never read the book though Gandhi (1982)

It was so, epic... Honesty, The Big Short. I finished it and kind of just shuffled about my apartment for a bit, then sat back down to ponder life, the universe, and everything. What was your worst (or best) accidental limewire download?  I tried to download some porn and ended up with a video of a bald guy sticking his entire head up this blonde girl's coochie. 

Never will forget that. Lesbian Vampire Hunters

You won't be disappointed. Probably all the porn I downloaded. 

10/10 would probably get viruses again. What are things that you would never eat, even if it was covered with chocolate?  Bull testicles. *No gracias.* metal bleach Idk, fried dick? Poop Any snack made with insects. Broccoli What's the best meal your parents have cooked for your family?  our cat What is one thing you want to change about your life?  work/life balance I want to have one. gain independence from my parents, delve into my creative site & pursue psychedelics & spirituality more often. A *lot* of things. Redditors, how often do you floss / interdental brush?  4 out of 5 Redditors are liars!!!! Daily in the morning. Every night Every night, now that I work at a candy store. Floss every evening Never. Fuck flossing. Never had a cavity though! What's the best movie you've seen that no one else really likes?  Cloud Atlas seemed to be nonsense or bad to most people but I loved it The Sex Tape I made last year with my ex. I still maintain its quite tasteful. Speed Racer. It's weird, but I love it. No-one I've met likes the Polar Express but I adore it. In Time and Zack and Miri make a Porno are really underrated imo. The Poughkeepsie Tapes. I rarely hear of people who like it but it's one of my favorite movies ever. Cosmopolis. It had mixed critical reception, but talking about it online - most people haven't seen it, and those that have didn't like it. I thought it was great. It opened up my eyes on Robert Pattinson, cause I used to just disregard him as "that twilight guy". He's a great actor. Almost Heroes. 

I don't know if "no one likes it" but I barely know anyone that's even seen it. I believe it was Chris Farley's last movie before he died and it's hilarious. The plot is that he and Matthew Perry (chandler from friends) are racing Lewis and Clark across the country. It's stupid as hell but there are tons of hilarious Farley-esque scenes and I love it. Radioland Murders. Comedy murder mystery set in a 1930s radio station. Airheads Pretty Persuasion Faster is a very unknown, but amazing movie. The Village. Everyone was bummed that the creatures were only humans. But that was the point. We are the monsters. The breakfast club. Very strange, but everyone I have talked to either doesn't know it exists or doesn't like it. what is your strangest public bathroom experience?  A dude was taking a shit on the floor so my mate banged on a cubicle and said "come out quick - someone's taking a shit on the floor" then 2 skinheads came out of the cubicle and knocked my mate out and he fell in the shit lol Sat in a public restroom stall for 4 hours using free wifi

Basking in people's discomfort about peeing/shitting beside me in complete silence

Eventually asked to leave by some busy-body office receptionists 

I wanted to tell them "get a fucking life"

but

I was the one living in a restroom laughing at women nervous-shitting Pooped next to one of the Daft Punk dudes this morning. My work shares a bathroom with their offices. This happened at the bathroom at work. I was standing at the urinal peeing when a coworker came in. He ran up behind me, yelled, "Haha, what's up, dude!?!?" While salmoning me, and then jumped up to the urinal next to me and pulled out his dick to pee. I was just standing there looking at him, when he looks over and says quietly, "that was pretty weird, huh? Sorry..."
All in all it was actually kind of funny, just fuckin' weird. In high school, before gym class one day, after dressing down, I went to take a piss in the urinal. About halfway through, another kid approached the urinal next to me. As I finished with a shake, I look over at the kid, he looks at me, I nod, he smiles, then (apparently) his elastic waistband on his gym shorts slips out of his grip and flips his dick straight up. He is still peeing. His urine goes straight up the urinal, onto the wall and as he snaps his head down, mouth agape, surprised by the whole ordeal, you guessed it- he pisses straight into his own mouth. Jerking off the 90 year old Walmart greeter I work in a grocery store, and it is not uncommon for homeless people to use our bathrooms. I've walked in on women doin some weird shit, but I'm torn between my two favorites. 

There was a young woman (17-20 years old I would guess) SHAVING HER LEGS in the sink once. She was clearly not homeless and actually looked to be on her way to a date, which yes begs the question of why she was doing that there, but also I was there to plug in a hair strengthener because I had plans after work so I just backed out and did it in the break room. 

My other favorite weird bathroom story is the time I walked in on a 15 year old PIERCING HER EAR, why?! I mean honestly why? You know what the worst part of that one was? Her mom works with me and has for nine years. I just peed and booed the hell out, because I was not going to deal with that shitstorm. When I was in middle school I went to the bathroom during class, there was a girl in there kind of pacing and freaking out, she asked me to help her break her arm. No idea why, I just said no and left. I was on reception at the restaurant I used to work at, and a lady came up to me in a fit of rage and screamed at me about how outrageous and disgusting it is that she had to change her baby on the bathroom floor of the women's toilets. The baby changing facilities were no more than 10 feet away from the front door (and us), the only way into the restaurant for customers, with pretty clear signage. I apologised but pointed out the huge door with the huge sign on right next to us, then asked her if she'd even bothered to ask any staff, at which point she grumbled and did the walk of shame back to her table. When I was in 2nd grade, I went into the bathroom (we had one in our classroom, with one toilet, one sink) to pee. In the toilet, there was *blue* liquid and a piece of toilet paper with period blood on it. What are the traits of "nice girls" as opposed to "nice guys?"  Pretty similar, I would think. Thinking that guys owe them relationships because of small interactions and a "unique" sympathy for the plight of the male sex. "I'm not like the other girls" Hating more attractive, outgoing and popular girls. They buy you stuff.


Seriously, this is the biggest MO I've seen from the "nice girl" spectrum. Doesn't have female friends because she 'doesn't like drama'. they have 10 guys in their phone constantly texting them, but she says they are just friends Nice girls dont try to turn men into slave labor emotional punching bags. If you ever find a girl like that, keep her. Buy the guy things

Watch investigative mystery channel

Always the victim, no matter how many times the same. old. shit. keeps happening.

somehow when you're right the conversation ends with "why are you being that way?" What was the weirdest conversation you've had on Omegle or other similar sites?  What fictional city do you wish you could visit?  Sodom and Gomorrah sound like the ultimate fuckfest party towns. New New York Rivendell. Naples Atlanta. Camorr from the gentlemen bastards Heaven Washington, DC. Not King's Landing, that's for sure. [NSFW] How did you lose your virginity? Are you proud of it?  In the engine room of a fishing boat. Totally proud of it. Makes for a cool story. Broke the bed while the Cosby Show was on. Lost it to my then boyfriend, now husband, at a hotel when we went interstate for a long weekend. As far as virginity stories go, ours is very tame and I'm proud of it. Woke up to my little sister's best friend asking for a cigarette in the middle of the night. I was 16. She asked me if I wanted to lose my virginity. So I said sure. Three pumps and a pullout later we were smoking another cigarette. 5/10 wouldn't repeat. At 17 I had my first girlfriend. After about 6 weeks we had sex immediately after school when her house was empty. It was not some big, defining moment, just putting my penis in a vagina. I had sex with a girl. http://whisper.sh/whisper/04e2ea2a47c13c41286047a440d218e499a4b9/Well-I-guess-Im-out--Because-I-had-sex-last-night-WITH-A-GIRL--UGH The same way everyone does. It fell out of my pants pocket. No joke while playing Frogger, an oldie but a goodie. Forced at 13.  Not proud,  but meh. Uhhhh was watching a spelling bee on TV. Stuck it in her butt later that day,so it ended well. This has been asked so any times before. E.g. https://m.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/19jj8r/when_and_how_did_you_lose_your_virginity/ Hey reddit, what's your best Depressing/Dark Fact?  You're going to die. You're more likely to die while getting a lottery ticket then winning the lottery. I don't feel joy from most things.

Exceptions are eating and programming. Based on statistical analysis alone, the human race is expected to end in the next few centuries People who grew up without a mother/father, how did it impact you growing up?  I never knew my dad, when I was younger it affected me pretty badly. Having kids asking why my dad never picked me up and, as it became common knowledge, having people rib me for it was pretty bad. 

I grew up pretty angry as a result, people would mention it and I'd fly off the handle. It was pretty well known who my father was so a lot of people on the streets would pass comment. 

Luckily I had a pretty good support network, my mum and maternal grandparents as well as a few other relatives were there for me and my maternal uncles and grandfather became 'surrogate father figures' so I stayed out of some (not all) of the trouble. My mum was pretty strict because she didn't want me to be 'another statistic'. 

I was actually around 18/19 when I had an epiphany; he had no interest in me, he chose to leave and to stay away. My anger was eating me up but it wasn't affecting him when he went home, spent time with his other family, he never thought of me. 
I realised that he must surely have thoughts and reasons and even if I couldn't understand them, I should respect his choices. I come to the conclusion that I didn't know him to like , or loathe him and that anger wouldn't solve anything. 

I now say that I 'nothing him' , to me I've never met him to pass judgement and if I do meet him then I will judge him based on who he is. I keep tabs on my siblings I've never met through people so that if anything happens I can make sure they're looked after as they're 13 years younger than me. I've said the only time I'll contact him is if I have a child, I'd like to see if there's anything that runs in the family. 

I've let the anger slip away and I'm now pretty much at peace with who I am. Didn't know what to expect from guys Growing up without a mother kinda made me a tomboy. I wouldn't really get nice girly clothes and I definitely wasn't taught about makeup or doing my hair. My dad wasn't around for us. I only saw him during holidays for the most part. It didn't impact me much honestly. It probably affected my mom a lot more. She had to raise two kids on her own while working and going to school, while he didn't help at all. People give sympathy when I tell them that my dad wasn't around, but I can't miss what I never had. I have lesbian parents (1 biological mother).  One little thing that was different in my life was missing a father figure, and sort of having to make up for that on my own through feigned hardassery.  The real major downside was basically having to tell my friends bullshit stories about where my dad was or why I didn't have one when I was young.  Sometimes my other mother hide in her bedroom when kids with particularly right wing parents would come over.  They were afraid if their parents found out they wouldn't let their kid come over any more.  No real downsides on how I turned out, just sad for my
parents to have hid it for so long.  But they are getting married soon now that it is legal :)

TL;DR:  Dyke parents, conservative town.  I'm fine, bummer for them sometimes. I didn't really have a relationship with my dad growing up.  My parents broke up when I was a baby.  I knew who he was and saw him a handful of times when I was growing up but that's it.  I never felt really any type of way about it.  I knew it was different but there was a lot of fucked up shit in my life that made me different than everybody else. That was the least of it.  You can't miss something you never had.  That's how it was for me. What was the longest line you've ever waited on? Why?  At the passport office in Dublin. I was there most of the day I've waited 17 hours for concerts before, but that didn't suck as much the 3 hour wait at the DMV. Fuck you, California and your overpopulated everything. What's the coolest thing that you've ever found washed up on a beach?  My tears and hopes Reddit, what hype train are you currently riding?  FF7 remake The newest Red Dead game Obama 2008 Titanfall 2 release. My throbbing penis has been waiting a whole year for October 28. Hopefully I don't crash and burn. The Trump Train just keeps getting faster! November 8th. The Internet will not survive. How long did your diet last?  4 days. Then someone offered me pizza Four months and counting I managed to pretty much be in a constant state of hunger from age 15 to about 35 in order to be thin. So 20 years or so. I don't have the self-hatred needed to do it anymore. A while. Lost 50 pounds. In the spirit of Halloween, what is something scary/creepy/unexplainable that you've experienced?  Posted this before but I'll copy it here. Used to live in apartment in New York. I was still in middle school when this all happened. First thing I heard was my uncles telling the family about they felt like some one was sitting on their back at night, they felt the pressure. Then one day, I come home from school and realized I'm alone. No biggie, I stayed in my room for the most part. I needed to use the bathroom at one point so I walk out towards it and just as I'm about to go in, I look to my left into my uncles room and see a kid with a red t-shirt laying on the bed. He's staring right at me, we looked at each other for around 10 seconds and then I assumed I was seeing things and went on with my bathroom trip. I had to walk right by the room to get back into mine but by then I wasn't seeing anything so it helped calm me down a bit. Years later we move out, I'm in high school then. The apartment is now vacant, when mom goes to visit family who lives in the same building when they walk right by our old apartment and they hear a kid crying and screaming really loudly. When they told me it kind of validated what I thought I saw years back and made it sound more like a Casper the friendly ghost type of situation since when it happened I didn't feel threatened just confused. I figured it was crying because it was alone now. The first time I experienced sleep paralysis, before I learned what it was. Adopted people of Reddit , how did your new parents show you the new house and what was your reaction?  I don't remember. I was an infant. If a major storm was coming, for less than $100, what supplies could people buy that would help sustain them for a week cut off from help?  Vodka, diapers, and duct tape Duct tape, 15 gallons of water, couple cans of souo, Swiss army knife. Canned food. Duct tape. Gallons of water. Batteries. Candles. Lighters. This totally depends on where you are living. $100 in the US is different than $100 in Australia or Canada. Heck, cost of living means $100 is really different between the different coasts of the US or the Midwest.

I guess with literally no other info then stocking up on water if you have no easy source is most important, followed by getting canned food you can eat cold. If you live in a cold area and you are assuming you will lose power, then a heat source is also incredibly important. After the necessities are taken care of, if you have money left take care of lighting if possible, then finally entertainment. Water and beef jerky. Carton of cigs. $40 pound of coffee $5 3 cases of beer $50 2 cases bottled water $5. Mathew is on the way to my area. Enough in the pantry. Enough wood around. Fresh water is the key A survival straw for water purification(~$20). Matches (300 wooden matches $.92 at Target), propane cooker(~$20), extra propane bottles (~$6 each), Weather Band Radio (~$20), canned food, candles. Im from the UK so heres my food list with rough prices in GBP - not sure on quantities I'd get though

Rice is very cheep and high in carbs - 0.40 per kg
Pasta shapes - 0.20 per 500g
Bottled water - 0.11 per 2 litres
Tinned tomatos - 0.20 per tin
Potatoes 0.80 per kg
Onions 0.75 per kg
Carrots 0.45 per kg
Tinned meats i.e meat balls in sauce, spam etc range from 50p per can to 2.00
Tinned beens 0.20 per can

That should get you started. More MREs, son.  Three-year shelf life. Water, pop tarts, wool socks, flash light with batteries, and some warm clothes. All items can be purchased from Walmart for under $100 with cash to spare. Bus ticket outta there Bottled water, propane cooker and extra fuel, canned food, lighter, candles. [Serious] What's one thing that you're having an extremely difficult time telling a friend, SO, or loved one?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I'm pretty sure my brother in law drugged and raped me when I was over there a few weekends ago. There's a lot I don't remember and my sister said I passed out. He was the only guy there that night, I never found my underwear, and there were semen stains on my shirt and the bed. 

I also feel like I remember him on top of me and inside me, like I woke up during it or something. I had bruises on my arms like someone held me down. I know he had taken pictures of me out by their pool before because my sister found pictures on their computer and confronted him.  I'm afraid he may have done much worse. Also, the hangover the next day was the worst I've ever experienced. I'm fucking your sister I love you 


I just have a hard time saying it [deleted] That I want to sleep with other people. Telling her how I really feel. Even though I'm way deep in the friendzone. I was raped when I was five. I try to tell close friends and the words just get stuck in my throat. That I let out a wet fart. I came on a seal in San Diego What is your experience with an irrational SJW?  I was loudly and publicly shamed by my friends, my school principal, and even my parents for believing that Caitlyn Jenner is not a hero. I'm in my house talking to my roommate saying whatever I say, and I say something is retarded. 

My other roommates girlfriend interrupts our conversation to say 

"Come on now Sabertooth2251, its 2015, do we *really* need to be using the 'R' word?" One time this girl was shading Patrick Stump on tumblr because he said that "we don't know both sides of the [ferguson/Michael brown story] story" about 2 weeks after it happened. I reblogged her post saying that he has a point and you shouldn't see him as a bad person because he's just trying to get both sides of the story before making a judgement. She replied with "how does it feel to be racist". After trying to have an intelligent conversation with her regarding the matter, I had to stop because she kept telling me how racist I was and how I'm part of the problem.

I unfortunately didn't unfollow her until she told everyone that they need to tag their "PDA" because it triggered her and "made her itchy". She categorized PDA as anything mentioning affection towards another person or pictures with them. The worst part is she ran a fandom blog for whatever band and always obsessed over the members, so she clarified that she doesn't care if you obsess over people you don't know in real life or fictional characters, the only thing that supposedly freaks her out is when you mention your love for or kissing or hugging a partner that you know in real life. What. The. Fuck. Was watching fox news and she would not even look at the tv the entire time because she said they were stupid. Which musician had the saddest life?  MJ got abused by his father as a kid, had some serious health problems and got accused of doing disgusting shit that he didn't do by thousands of people nick drake. Louis Armstrong Laura Branigan.  Just after her popularity peaked, her husband got cancer and she retired to spend time with him.  Seven years later when she was getting ready to make a comeback, she broke both of her femurs in a fall.  Then just a couple years after that she died from a brain aneurysm at 47. Chris Bell of [Big Star](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Star).

He's a member of the [27 Club](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/27_Club) who didn't get to enjoy success in his life time. Kurt Cobain's life was pretty sad. He found a guy who'd hung himself while walking home from elementary school. He was kicked out of both of his parents homes and forced to live with friends and relatives throughout his teen years. When he got older, he married Courtney Love. We all know how that ended. What movie would you rate 3/10?  Anything Adam Sandler has made with maybe two exceptions. Pretty much all Neill Blomkamp movies. Some neat scenes, cool effects, and memorable moments, but his hamfisted and heavy handed cramming of political bullshit into his movies drop my enjoyment of them to the floor. The aforementioned cool scenes are the only thing that raises my enjoyment back up to the 3/10 level. Dawn of the Mummy. Found on amazon Freddy Got Fingered, starring Tom Green Pterodactyl. It's rated 3.1 on IMDB. I agree with their decision. All the movies on netflix [Serious] Reddit - why isn't it mandatory for cell phone screens to turn off or lock to gps when traveling faster than 5 mph?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Passenger seats, trains, buses, hell, even running... Ever take a bus? Because then the passengers of a car and runners would be fucked, as well as airplane passengers Because I use my phone on/in vehicles that I am not driving. You just got your car shot at and you dial 911 but it doesn't work cause you mmow Because we don't need to be nannied 24/7. Just because some folks do bad things doesn't mean everyone should lose freedoms. Especially since there are tons of legitimate actions this would affect.

If you see someone doing it, just honk and shame them. It works. Because all of the bored passengers would be furious. Because it's not the phones' responsibility to keep dumb people from taking themselves out of the gene pool. Banjo and Kazooie VS Jason Stathem VS Mewtwo VS Ubisofts Rayman, who would win in a real life full on fight and why?  Jason Stathem since he's the only one that exists in real life. Bajo and Kazooie. Cause Banjo is a fucking bear. Probably Mewtwo. No one would be a match for his psychic powers and shit. At what point does a robbery become a heist?  When you do enough planning to knock down/out a complicated feature of whatever you're about to rob. They mean the same thing When enough planning, organization and people are involved. How do you fix a FIOS secondary COAX connection issue without them sending out a technician?  Go to a tech subreddit What Wouldn't be scarier if it was 10x bigger?  A joint A sapling. Rice probably. My dick :( Spiders are always the answer Marshmallow A whale, how often do we see them anyways? Trump's hair my ego My crippling depression Gold Minnesota. Then we could call it the Land of 100,000 Lakes. A Butterfly. This magnum dong. Wait, no. That would kill somebody. Kim Kardashian's ass and Kanye West's ego. Ma dick Your mom Almost any animal would be completely immobile or instantly dead if 10x bigger.  Especially if you're talking length rather than volume/mass. My bank account Your small Penis Who is your favorite pornstar with big tits?  gianna michaels Am I the only one who doesn't like big tits? Pandora Peaks. Mia khalifa (that spelling might be off) Karlee grey Alison tyler jayden james, memphis monroe or audrey bitoni Ive been big on Jenni Lee and Lily Rader lately... Though... Neigher I'd say have BIG tits.... Holly Michaels Why, Big Tits McGee of course. Are there any redditors here who know blind people who have taken hallucinogenic drugs?  I once brought mushrooms and 2C-b powder to a "smoke weed around a fire and listen to psytrance" night, which everyone was into including the older brother (who was born blind) of one of my friends.

Someone did say, "don't waste it on him, it's a visual experience, duh." We laughed and made sure he knew how shallow that was and he got it in the end.

Anyway, preface over, I'm not writing a novel lol. His experiences were:

The feeling of wings growing out of his back (which I was worried about, "I can fly!" people are difficult to get through to but this guy was so cool. He said, "Oh don't worry they're just cosmetic!")

He said he could hear beautiful singing, but could only listen if he was poked with hot pokey things (his words, this one was confusing to me)

The feeling of hair growing out from under his tongue, he was pulling at nothing and drooling a bit so I asked, and he just said "it's taking longer than usual."

Around that same time he kept talking like one half of a mundane conversation, and asked me why I said he couldn't dance, which sort of ended our companionship for the night cos fake me hurt his feelings :( He was obviously cool the next day, but yeah, that was weird and a bit stressful for the rest of the night cos he thought I was being two-faced, lol. nope, i'm curious about this. My blind friend was trippin' pretty bad last week. No drugs, I just hid his cane. I'm curious about this too. I am pretty close to being fully blind, but still have some remaining vision in my left eye. I've tried both acid and shrooms. I wasn't too fond of the acid, but the shrooms were a much more enjoyable experience. One of my coworkers was legally blind but could see clearly on mushrooms. Which current rapper (2010-present) do you relate to the most?  Immortal Technique Astronautalis. Rittz Tech n9ne Watsky Fetty wap Russ Seth Sentry NOt exaclty my favorite, but Kid Cudi, and more specifially "Soundtrack to my Life" is eerily close to my own life. If you had to choose one favorite/memorable animated/cartoon show from your childhood or teen years what would it be?  Teen titans is the first that comes to mind. Along with Spongebob and Samurai Jack. Also the original Star Wars the Clone Wars, which is from the Samurai Jack people. Tom and Jerry. He-Man and the Masters of the Universe Avatar: the Last Airbender Probably Star Wars The Clone Wars original series.

https://trakt.tv/shows/star-wars-clone-wars

The new series is good too.

https://trakt.tv/shows/star-wars-the-clone-wars Hmm, one thing i revisited later and loved was Oban Star-racers. 

That was a favorite when i was younger, and probably one of the first shows i actually managed to watch regularly as it aired on my channel. Usually, as a kid, i'd watch many things i liked, but i never got a sense of continuity in series due to not having a specific time i watch, or a specific series i got online to watch, apart from the regular 6 o'clock shows everyday. That was one of the earlierst ones that i actively tried to see everything off. (And i managed to miss last episode, so i had to watch the half it i found online, as a novice on that.) 

Rewatching it later, nostalgia hit hard, and i love the ending song of it too. Makes me very emotional, to the point it's odd. The Powerpuff Girls Yu-Gi-Oh

https://trakt.tv/shows/yu-gi-oh-duel-monsters Daria, no question. I still binge watch it. Captain N the Game Master What has been the biggest mistake of your life?  playing 5.5k hours of League of Legends in the past 4 years Completely wasting away the second half of my freshman year of college into the first semester of sophomore year. I hardly ever went to class and was always in my room on my laptop. I had to drop out but got back in and I'm in my junior year with much better grades! Not running of and becoming a roadie/ male groupie for Blonde Not ending contact with my ex the instant she broke up with me has definitely been my biggest mistake to date. It was my first relationship, therefore first breakup and staying in contact made the last 6 months of my life way worse than it could have been. I'll know for next time though! (if there is a next time) When I was younger I swallowed weed smoke the first couple months I smoked. It caused gerd (chronic reflux) which has ruined my life. Runners of Reddit, how do you get through that final stretch that you feel you just can not do?  I pretend I'm running towards a settlement that needs my help. It's mind over matter and if you'd don't mind it doesn't matter. Coffee! It's all about soul Tell myself that if i dint di it today I'll have to do it some other time. I might as well get it over with now. It's usually mental, but sometimes if it's really a struggle, I walk or slow down. I limit myself to no more than a minute. Sometimes it gives me a second wind. Actually, the final stretch is usually when I feel most capable of doing well, besides the very beginning of course. I dunno, just as soon as the finish is in sight I find it very fun and satisfying to start lengthening my strides and pumping my arms more. Just just do it. You don't tell yourself you can't do it. Because there's always some guy behind me yelling I used to do long distance running but I only powerlift now and play basketball but it's all pretty similar when it comes to that last energy you got. I just think about all the days and hours I've put into training/practicing and think about how all those times were a lot harder than the race/game/meet itself. There're so many ups and downs during training that you go through that it makes it harder to quit during the main event. You dig deep and go into another state of mind. Almost like if you've ever been so mad about something that you almost snap. You use the same level of fire and push. It's become easier for me over time to get there. "Just gotta put yourself out there." 

"Just get after it."

-Coach Schuler Redefine the end destination to beyond the edge of the Earth

Think about how small that distance is relative to the entirety of the universe

Think of how simple it is to accomplish 
And how entirely possible it is

Relative to all the other obstacles humanity has faced and will face

It's so simple I remember those motherfuckers who run past me at the end in the past I did my first 1/2 marathon a couple of months ago, and I didn't run 3 weeks before due to some friggin terrible blisters I was afraid would prevent me from running all together.

So basically--I refuse to run a race without music. If they don't allow earbuds I don't run it.  You have to find your power songs--those that motivate and energize you to finish, however slow it may be.
Especially in your first races you cannot be afraid to walk, however briefly, if needed but starting back is terrible and you must know your limits.  It's far better to walk a bit and get back in there than to not even finish the race. Crawling whilst crying. Dog walkers give me funny looks. I think about something or someone I'm really angry about or mad at. Instead ranting or starting a fight, I channel it to give me that last burst of speed. Body : *groans* stop already I'm tired. 
Mind : you can stop when you're done. A wise man once said to me in a non-running related discussion:

"If you don't think you can do it, just fuckin do it."

Has been constantly helpful advice ever since. I pump the last bit of steroids directly into my balls Pain is temporary, you won't get stronger if you don't push yourself   
edit: Downvoted? Are somebody's feelings hurt because they couldn't run the final 100 meters? What is time consciousness?  What is an affordable Bluetooth speaker that has good sound quality?  >affordable      
>good quality 

Pick one What's affordable? I have an amazon tap that I love. Define affordable.  I enjoy Rocketfish equipment. You'd have to define affordable but I had the Bose SoundLink mini and it was awesome. You wouldn't think something so small could produce that much sound. JBL Flip 3, around $100, waterproof, speaker phone and you can link multiple units.

Pretty decent sound and 10+ hours of use on a charge. Reddit, what is your dream video game?  Something like this probably exists but here we go: A mass battlefield game. Choose an era, and a side. Battle starts every 24 hours. Either defend, invade, last man standing, whatever. No AI, everyone in the game is a real player. If you are killed, you have to wait 24 hours to play again in that map/era. Harry Potter crossed with the depth and stories of Witcher and The elder scrolls games, obviously with fully customisable character creation A conspiracy thriller RPG in which you're aware of or part of a secret society (IE: The Illuminati or something like it) and can take three separate paths in the story: 

First path: Try to take down the secret society from the outside. By far the most difficult path. Using a variety of skills, the player gathers evidence of the secret society manipulating the world while gaining allies and coming up against extreme resistance from the secret society itself and those that benefit from its existence. Making the wrong choices, however, could result in your own assassination or being painted as a laughing stock with no credibility. 

Second path: Destroy the secret society from within. Due to the skills it took to discover the secret society in the first place, they offer you a place in their ranks. Rising through those ranks it's up to you to dismantle or hinder the systems that allow them to stay in power. Secrecy is tantamount and no one can doubt your allegiance. If you're exposed, you could be killed or brainwashed into complacency or thrown out altogether. 

Third path: Embrace the secret society. Similar to the second path, except you enjoy your place within their ranks, doing everything you can to make sure they stay in power and proving yourself as a valued agent and leader. Squashing any competitors, you manipulate and maneuver your way through the top, eventually finding yourself with the world in your hands. The settlement system from Fallout 4, mixed with the content and character creation systems of the Sims franchise, in the setting of No Man's Sky, with the ability to establish Spore level intergalactic colonial structures. Id like a game like half life, but with a 3 on the end Someone came up with an awesome concept and explained it real well, but a VR horror game where all the victims are playing in VR and the killer/ghost just play with a controller. F-Zero: NX
- 50 man race
- HD 60fps
- At least 30 tracks (bringing back the White Land and Red Canyon locations)
- All tracks and characters from F-Zero: X and GX remastered 
- One bitching soundtrack How has nobody said "100% science based dragon MMO" yet?


Reddit, I am dissapoint. Pokmon Snap 2 Gta mixed with tha sims mixed with civ 5. I have dreams about it. Tha last game ull ever have to buy I want a video game where you play a wolf. Maybe in a postapocalyptic setting with deserted towns but also relatively normal looking forests. A bit RPG maybe. You search for tracks, hunt animals, learn different techniques, follow smells depicted by colored threads, lead a pack against bigger animals like bears or elks, defend against hunters, attack human settlements, etc. 

And no, I'm in no way furry. Ready Player One's OASIS does it for me. Anything similar to that I suppose. A sandbox, console pokemon game. Like the love child of pokemon silver and GTA5 with the art style of Windwaker. It would be magnificent. An open world cyberpunk GTA style game.

[Something like this](https://i.imgur.com/6rva12p.jpg) Mmo where the players build the various cities. Like placing stores and naming locations and such. Timesplitters 4

It's time. I need it!! DayZ in an open world five times the size of gta5 with settlement system of fallout 4 with both single player or multi-player modes. Assassins Creed Black Flag but on a bigger scale. Like, Elder scrolls big. A steampunk themed, open world game with RPG elements. 1st person space sim with others in the ship. Bit like guns of icarus. But bit more on the living side of things *we are docking in 10 minutes* well i have time to go check the generator 3 how it is still holding up after the last fight. Or "well i could go play round of cards with my friends and take sandvich to satisfy my hunger" like living and adventuring with friends in one spaceship. I'd like a replica of the solar system with a scale 1/1 that I could explore. The planets would have an ellipse and I would have to upgrade my ship so I can explore them. I would also like to be able to land on any planet and explore it like an FPS. Last but not least I would like a good story to tie everything together. Basically Crusader Kings 2 but you actually command the battles like Medieval 2 Total War and you can take control of a character and actually fight in the battle Mount & Blade style. Star Wars crossed with a working and as advertised No Man's Sky with a campaign Map double the size of The Crew, map style of Forza Horizon 3, physics from Forza 6, graphics from Driveclub (if you haven't seen Driveclub in the rain, look it up), and as many cars as possible. Free roam, with real life tracks integrated into the map as locations. Have you guys seen the old school music video of RHCP - californication?
Yes that game. Hack into my dreams and let me play them as myself. VR Portal 3 Banjo threeie I just want a good career mode in wrestling. Something in depth with all the booking, backstage politics and the planning. A bigger Skyrim, maybe modern day-ish but a Skyrim based bigger Skyrim is good too! Something similar to GTA, but representative of the ENTIRE PLANET.
you'll have (as accurate as possible) renditions or even remakes of whole cities, are able to travel from one end to the other. You can play a variety of characters, from criminals to police to superhero, and each role gives you a different campaign, abilities, and goals. 

You'll also be able to fly (teleport) from city to city to save space if necessary but the large goal is to be able to take a boat from one district to another. Or alternatively a GTA type game where EVERYTHING in the city is accessible, including most apartments (doesnt have to be the inside, but at least lobbies and hallways), offices, shops, and interiors.

OR another dream game of mine, A Marvel Vs DC Fighting Game. The No Man's Sky that I was promised.

:( The Saboteur 2 DLC: Uninvited Guests

In this expansion the world is visited by aliens (a la xcom) and you're tasked with providing Intel.  Either sneak through occupied streets or lead an assault team to take them hard.  expand the already massive customization trees in the armory of the base game with borderlands style outlandishness.  the theme would have a very Mars attack type feel to it, in contrast to the base game where they took a much more realistic approach.  maybe destroy all humans from the humans perspective. Black Ops 2 remastered for next gen consoles better looking fun with much less hackers. Also, Super Ghouls and Ghosts remastered could be great. A really minimal looking MMORPG with chaotic raids and hilarious PVP. I imagine something that looks visually like League of Legends but plays like World of Warcraft and that has PVP parallel to the insanity of Runescape classic's wilderness with none of this soul bound item BS. Damn I miss drop party's and player killing. A MMORPG - with a singleplayer/co-op  element that is just a procedurally generated dungeon. Normal fantasy setting, except hugely varried skill system. Only passives, Dark Souls esque in the way of combat (combo dodge etc). However where this game differs from all else.

You choose a set of skills at the beginning these are the only skills you have, they levels as well as you, if at a certain point in the game skill x = y and skill z = y then you get a passive based on those two skills.

Eg Unarmed = 30 - 40 One Handed = 50 - 55 you get the Dual Weild Passive. Unarmed+Block+Improvised Weapons = Sheild Attacks.

Each of these passives being attainable only at certain skill levels so using the example above if Unarmed = 41 and you then get One Handed to 50 then no dual weild for you.

There would be all sorts of skills to choose from and you still have a basic use in non-combat skills. I want it also to have some great movement skills, horsemanship, arcrobatics, athletics, climbing. Which would interact with other skills, same with the crafting side of things.

With this skill system, there is going to be heaps of character diversity from player to player, which will kick META Gamers in their ugly faces. I'd like to see Mount and Blade combine with Total War or even Age of Empires so you start out as a lowly foot soldier and slowly build your way up to commanding your own army. It would be awesome to have that RPG feel to it but have RTS elements as well so you can build up bad ass armies then when you go to battle command your character and army at the same time. An open world Escape from New York. Let Rockstar do it with the GTA engine. I always wanted a cross between Army Men and GI Joe where you choose a squad of Joes or Cobra that LOOK like the plastic figures from the 80s and outfit them, Rainbow Six-style, to play against other people on maps that are photorealistic depictions of generic areas around an average suburban house (kitchen, basement, front yard, garage).  Killstreaks could include Older Brother kicking things over, giant Golden Retriever attack, Mom-says-it's-time-to-go, etc... A pro wrestling game with the open world elements like in the GTA games. You play as a wrestler who has to start out in the small time companies, traveling around learning different styles from the different companies. After a while, you get known and a big enough name you can go to one of the big companies and make a lot of money on TV. Depending on how that goes, you either stay there or go get the option to switch companies or go back to the smaller companies. Mix this with the ability to do stuff outside of wrestling, such as all the activities and random interactions in GTAV, and the ability to do missions that impact your wrestling career and give you money. A game which use your brain as the engine. Sleeping would be awesome. Multiplayer dreaming, change the perception of time so one session feels like a week. Work one day, fun 7, repeat. A game with a massive world, dragons to fight, and the ability to make choices. Oh wait. Skyrim. Sequel plz Bethesda. A POPEYE video game. A combo based brawler, built on a Dark Souls-esque system. All in the classic POPEYE animation style. KOTOR 3 An extremely complex MMO where everything is crafted by players.  You can't get super items from raids of any kind.   There are thousands of powerful items that could be crafted but they require research, extended travels for ingredients, and the like.   Basically get rid of the whole raid/rinse/repeat cycle that makes most MMOs so freaking boring.    Quests should be generated by the game and not random "go get this pizza and deliver it to Bob over in Nextville" crap. A deep (but accessible) RPG with multiple plot branches, an epic storyline, interesting characters, many different viable ways to play and a good combat system. I recently played Age of decadence and that is pretty cool with the different plot lines...but of course an indie game produced by a small team can only do so much (it also had some elements I didn't like...but on the whole interesting game). I'd like something like that+the epicness of Baldur's Gate 2. Tetris...










...in 4K!!! Arma 3 mixed with Rainbow Six Siege New "Nights into dreams" or shenmue A *Witcher III*-style open world RPG based on Conan the Barbarian. A game based on the Russian Sleep Experiment creepy pasta. The russians are experimenting with the gas again except its in the present and its injected now. You were kidnapped and taken to the facility. You are saved by another person who was kidnapped and you see what happens to an injection gone wrong. The person starts mutating and the swat (russian equivalent) is called in. The mutated kills most of the swat and it walks around and looks directly at you. And it runs so fast its now in front of your face. You crawl as quick as you can and just try to survive and try to get out. Its basically an SCP game but VR compatible. I was combo of different games in like the Medieval Era 
FPS
Sports
Action-Adventure
&
RPG An espionage game based on the Star Trek series from TNG/DS9/Voyager era.

You play a spy for the Federation.  You do the dirty work, like spying on the Klingons, framing a Romulan, or infiltrating the Orion Syndicate to steal info.

I doubt this could ever be done though because of the Star Trek reboot films. VR sandworm riding. Hack and Slash game, realistic dismemberment, pulling off badass combos, and amazing graphics. It seems that Mordhau will be a realization of that dream. Mordhau is inspired by Chivalry, a game that *seemed* to be what I had in mind, but turned me away after seeing that the professional plays involved spinning around like a ballarina, landing shots in places you weren't even looking at at the start of your swing, thanks to dragging your mouse. Thankfully, Mordhau will not have the bullshit known as Dragging. DayZ, but developed by people who actually know what they are doing. A sci-fi post-societal-collapse game with the bleak atmosphere and A-life of STALKER, the map size and engagement range of ARMA III, and a crazy in-depth weapons-armor-exosuit-gear system. I want a weapon system with three dynamic condition metrics: Dirtiness, damage, and heat. A merely dirty gun should be easy to clean. A damaged gun should be very difficult to fix (and cost-prohibitive in extreme cases). Both increase the accumulation of heat per shot, which in turn increases the likelihood of dirtiness or damage. I want an armor system with a huge variety of layers, with a range of costs and benefits beyond a simple good-better-best system. I want a variety of exosuits and a similar system of costs and benefits, no one definitively better or worse than the other. I want enemies and factions that act and move and make decisions regardless of what I may be doing. I want sprawling underground secret labs full of horrors. I want a freeplay background that would either allow me to ignore the story or otherwise significantly deviate from it. A more open world Pokemon game on PC. Idk what it would be, but lock Miyamoto in a room with a machine no more powerful than a SNES and see what happens. Sandbox Star Trek game. yes please. Warframe gameplay

Devil May Cry like universe

Multiplayer Dungeons and Dragons/Pathfinder with SAO universe technology An Elder Scrolls style game set in Game of Thrones world (or Lord of the Rings). Mostly single player based like traditional Elder Scrolls but with the ability for 3 friends to enter your world and play together online. At the main menu you have options for other game modes such as Arena and Horde, in which you can fight in different arenas against other players or you can face hordes of enemies together as long as you can. I put this in another post awhile back so I will just copy and paste.

Oh god this will be long.
Online mmo rpg. 
First off, character creation is a must. You make a basic character, mainly, the face and character model. Fuck clothes you get rags when you start out. 

Secondly, your character is exactly how you want that character to be. No real class system. You have your basic stats. Which you would be given 20 points for you to choose from. Dexterity strength blah blah blah. You only continue to get points to put into those stats after leveling up skill stats. Which would be like anything. Sword skills farming magic skills. Blah blah blah. So after 10 skill points. You get like a couple more. Did I mention there is no level cap. It just continues forever.

Now after all that fun stuff. The tutorial starts. This bastard would last till level 10. It will give you all the ins and outs. Leveling, combat farming crafting clan raids territory control blah blah blah.
 
Continuing to the story. It would only last till level 30. Till you would become an elite whatever the fuck title. After that the world is opened to players. Think of eve but no space. Players make the story. Different places to see new places to become territory. Harder and more unique enemies the farther you go out into the world. It goes from big cities to tiny farm towns. To nothing but wilderness. Where creativity is key to keep you wanting to continue. This is where the no cap leveling would come in. Things would become stupid hard to fight yet easy enough for groups to work on and not get destroyed as long as they aren't fighting anything crazy. Did I mention no level cap? That means you can solo that shit once you become strong enough.

Now about territory. Clans can control a large section of area. If other players pass through that specific area they can declare peace and players can't harm them and vice versa. Players are unable to leave peace till they leave clan territory for a set distance. If you are not in the clan and you ignore the peace prompt, PvP is engaged. Soon as you attack someone no going back.

Now any future expansion on story that would be added you would have to go through zones that are locked till added later or just new quests.

Also even though the game would be technically classless .leveling Skills push towards class skills. Huge skill try. Skill based combat. Ton of ideas on head. Don't want to give it all away. ;) A Mount and Blade MMO. Players can form their own houses, raise armies of other players, run their own kingdoms, form strategic marriages, and all the other features from Mount and Blade.

One thing would be an Heir system. The game would have permadeath, but you would be able to respawn and maintain your lands and titles if you have an heir. This makes forming alliances and eventually marriages with other players essential. 

However, this also adds a lot more depth to the game. What if your heir is insane or sickly? Then the new character you play as will have penalties. They can also get buffs for having an heir that's a super genius or something. 

The real fun begins when your heir is a bastard. Maybe you can get some Game of Thrones-esque shenanigans by thinking you have an heir, only to die and realize that they never were. I would really like to see the NerveGear become reality along with Sword Art Online. I'm not talking about the shitty SAO games out right now, I mean just like the anime. We *are* getting closer with VR headsets, but it's still not quite what I'd hoped for. I just wanna play SAO just like how it's played in the anime. A Godzilla-licensed video game with gameplay from King of the Monsters on the Neo Geo or War of the Monsters on the Playstation 2, but done just as well as those games. An offline open world RPG with the dialogue diversity and options like Fallout:new vegas set in a medievil scenario about the size of England or larger. big enough that it would take weeks to travel on foot from one side to the other, no fast travel other than from London to Manchester. A BLAME! multiplayer 3D simulator where we need to be the first to find an unique genetic terminal in a quasi-endless megastructure so huge that it could take month to encounter another player.
With lot of cyberpunk monsters, powerfull rare items, lots of endless corridor and stairs, and a room that is so huge you could fit jupiter inside. 

Basically this guy is doing something similar : http://bac9.tumblr.com/ A Star Trek based exploration and combat game. Like No Man's Sky, but set in STNG universe and substantially less sucky. When I was younger, I used to play Toontown. Perhaps a game like that would be great, but well developed (idk, it doesn't need to be as good of a map as GTA V's for instance) and for an older public, instead of 7 year olds. Melee HD A combination first and third person version of **Shadowrun** in which you perform runs with team mates simultaneously.

The street samurais would be first person fighting with guns, swords, explosives etc.

The deckers would be hacking doors, turrest and security cameras and stealing data while fighting of other deckers in the matrix.

Shamans would be third person healers, casters and debuffers able to move in the spirit world and summons their totems.

This would be happening at the same time so as a samurai you might be holding off security forces while the decker is trying unlock a door.

You would of course be able to choose your race and there would be RPG style leveling systems. RPG Pokemon. Think Zelda, Ocarina of Time meets Pokemon Go. With quests, a wide world to explore, etc. That one drs get to play where they put the camera in the butt and drive it around A real time adventure game.  The last one (and only one I can think of off the top of my head) is The Last Express.  But I'd like something like a remake of Deadline (1982). Star citizen 200 A sequel to battle for bikini bottom A completed version of Star Citizen.  One day, it will be done, and that day will be glorious. VR Red Dead Redemption. A real time VR multiplayer Guns of Icarus like game where you and 3 other players are in charge of maintaining a spaceship, Each player has a role, 1. Captain - Best at Maneuvering the ship and Gets more money from trading, 2. Mechanic - Best at repairing the ship and Can craft upgrades for the ship, 3. Fighter - Does more damage when in charge of the ship weapons and Has special attacks for the ship weapons, (There can be 2 fighters at the same time, same goes for mechanics, Nobody goes without a role!) So yeah, Cool right? i want a remake of playstation rally car 2 Modern jet set radio. New music, new characters, updated controls updated cell shaded graphics, and absolutely nothing changed about DJ Professor K. "JET SET RADIOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" A crossover between Fire Emblem Awakening and Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess. Open world exploration in the legend of Zelda style, battles can occur and put into the Fire Emblem combat system. Create a party with 5 people from the cast of both games. The gameplay would be moreso Fire Emblem instead of LOZ, so probably no dungeons.

Just think, ReDeads and Risen in the same game. Basically what everyone wanted Elite: Dangerous to be. 

Screw multiplayer. Keep everything the same, but make the game OPTIMIZED for a single-player experience. Make all the various moving parts of the expansions FIT TOGETHER into one cohesive game. And then make combat more readily available a-la Descent Freespace.

Alternately, if they added the Firefight mode from Halo Reach into Halo 5 that would be pretty close to a dream. Half Life 3 A Science-based dragon MMO Open world, procedurally generated combination of the Legend of Zelda, Dark Souls and Mount and Blade with online PvP/co-op ala Dark Souls. Honestly? Trespasser 2. I would LOVE to see a sequel or even a reboot!! An open world rpg Skyrim/Fallout style based on the world of Monkey Island, with the top shelf humour from MI 1 to 3 (and perhaps 4) The No Man's Sky we were promised. A dark ride builder/simulator named Imagineer where you build animated walk-through/ride-through attractions and can then experience them in 3D/VR FPV. Based on an open architecture for modular feature elements, it would have various downloadable theme packs; haunted houses/castles/caves, pirates, fantasy, SF and aliens, dinosaurs, safari, disasters, cartoons, underwater/aquarium, holidays, world's fair/science/future, and so on. Vietcong 3 : the sequel we deserve. The suffering remastered A mix of Sim City and Command and Conquer MMO game. Build up your country and military only to attack and get attacked by other similar level countries. A new, **proper** crash bandicoot continuation. :(

(I'm aware that a reboot is coming and I'm super happy about it. I just want the little critter to come back.) Well, La-Mulana pretty much covers it. Black Panther video game. GTA and the Sims combined. Science Fiction and/or cyberpunk MMORPG.

One life per account. If you die, you're done. Gonna get called a weeb, but fuck it. A Tokyo ghoul game where you can can create and customize your own character in the universe as an inspector or a ghoul and then have it be like infamous where it's mostly open world and the shit you do matters. An Avatar: The Last Airbender RPG. Customize your own unique bender that will eventually become the Avatar. Start out as a beginner in a specific element and eventually master all four. It could have a story mode where you take on the Avatar's long journey to restore/maintain peace in the world. Or maybe even a multiplayer mode where you choose one of the four elements you wish to use and are placed on a team with other players using different elements. Ever since watching the show it's been a dream of mine but at this point it seems unlikely. Fallout: Van Buren.
Or basically any version or theoretical idea of Fallout returning to its roots as an isometric turn based RPG.
My favorite genre and FO2 was my favorite game.

Was happy for Wasteland 2 and I intend to back WL3 when it goes live in a day or so, but they aren't really the same thing. A 1:1 planet scale open world sandbox MMO.

There are no towns outside of starter city except for player created settlements, and almost the entire economy (aside from some beginner grade starter gear everyone is issued when they start the game) is player driven with players crafting everything else that is in the world from weapons to clothing and armor and vehicles and tools. Open world avatar the last airbender based game where you are the new avatar. Set before the events of The Last Airbender and Korra. You pick your animal companion. You have buddies from the other nations helping you on your quest. What's not to like? A Fallout MMO. A Pokmon prequel series with the region being based on the *entire* United States (not just NYC or Hawaii). By prequel I mean things like a journal instead of a Pokdex, all Pokballs made from apricorns, a farm instead of the PC. Because the region would be so big, there could be multiple paths, and maybe even story branches. You play as a young Oak or Agatha; your rivals include a young Giovanni.

Honorable mentions:

* Metroid 5. Given that Fusion (4) ended on a pretty big changeup for Samus' stature in the Galactic Federation, there's a lot to work with.
* Sonic Adventure 2 remake. Not a remaster, I mean a from-the-ground-up remake with new levels, better game design, the ability to play just one character's story, and better cinematics (though they would embrace the cheesy nature of the original and build on it to a more coherent narrative). A legitimate new Knights of the Old Republic. Dragon age 4... or really just to have bioware crank out a game yearly without sacrificing quality Skies of Arcadia remade in the style of a "Tales of" game. Kinda like Skyrim but better combat and NO story at all. Just spawn in a town with a bunch of secrets to discover. Oh my god, a version of Spore that doesn't suck.

If I had my way I'd throw Sid Meier and Will Wright in a room and throw as much money their way as it took to make Mr. Wright to come out from hiding , have Mr. Meier work on the parts Mr. Wright doesn't like and make an awesome freaking game. A game about the circle of life. You start out playing as an animal, anything from a hawk to a snake to a mosquito to a jaguar...you live as long as you can eating, breeding, sleeping whatever...each animal has their own unique gameplay mechanics and tasks for surviving and reproducing...this would be massively multiplying and each player would have no control over which animal they play with each life...when you die you start completely over with a new random animal in a new place in the world..the only goal is to get to the top of a global leader-board by gaining points associated with completing tasks unique to each animal (hunting, reproducing, spreading disease, whatever)...so everyone is trying to kill everyone but also competing to just stay alive in a world with limited resources, water, food, mating privileges etc...another twist would be that when you log out, your character, animal simply goes to sleep and will remain in the world, susceptible to be being killed, eaten, starving to death, etc, that way people can't just log out to escape death and building a proper den or nest or community of some kind would be a necessary strategy for a long term character A gang strategy/simulation game.  There have been a few attempts but none that have really been that great.  But one where you start off small and start cracking a few legs to take over streets and businesses.  Have to fight rival gangs both big and small as well as the po po.  I would want to have massive choice and customization of gang symbols and tags.  But also what type of gang,  are we like the Zetas.  The italian Mafia,  hells angels.   Mara salvatrucha?  There would be newspapers that would report on my gangs biggest outrages.  Mansions and cars to buy will my ill gotten loot.  Disloyal gang members that would have to be sent to meet the fishes.  One day this game will be made I hope. I just want to be a dragon. Not like Spyro the dragon, but more like you have a bunch of customizable looks and stats, you can battle other dragons in pvp online, go on epic quests, hoard treasure, raise young, challenging dungeon puzzles, a really awesome flying mechanic, and an engaging story mode. It's all I've ever wanted. Massive battle game, as open world as possible.
Use google maps so it is literally our exact world. You could go to your house if you wanted. Completely destructible environment.

Three factions, random faction each time. Can be in a clan and request all clan be put in same faction. Each week battle resets and players from winning faction receive points

Leveling system:
Early levels: foot soldier
Next: Combat vehicle
Then choose a path: army, navy, Air Force and progress in that one.

Upon battle reset, return to 30% of your progress made. Not going to go all the way from general to foot soldier, but you won't be flying a bomber on the first day of the fight

Players with command rank are the ones who decide where lower level troops are deployed. At the beginning of every fight, some of the higher level players will be given free xp to bring them up to a command position, so there is never an absence of command Very strict anti troll system. Local audio and radio communications. If enemy troops are talking on the other side of the wall, you can hear them. You can also listen to radio comms from your commander, but if you try to talk, the enemy can hear you too. Nobody suggested a good Dune game? Complete with worm battles, spice skill trees, cry-blade and weapon upgrades like in old republic. Gotta keep watch on water levels till you gain skills and gear to keep it up. Basically fallout new Vegas survival mode. Some sort of massive online game, where players start at a prehistoric age and need to work together (online forums and the like, because the pieces are so obscure or physically apart) to unlock a massive puzzle and progress to the next technological era, all the way into the space age. In the meantime they can build bases, communities, battle each other for resources, etc. But in order to advance they need to work together. the "conkers bad fur day" sequel that never was....
:( A destroy all humans remake for the PC with multiplayer compatibility. New NCAA Football games simply another NCAA football game. The World R1,2, or 3from the dot hack series, or for you young-ins a game like Sword Art Oline .  Like the actual one we see played in the anime and game cut scenes.  Full immersion VR-MMORPG where the way you choose to play is up to you.  

You know, minus the getting locked in the game and your real life body being stuck in a coma jazz. Something like age of empires but with zombies. Making a zombie horde to take over civilization sounds like so much fun. Roy: A Life Well Lived First person RPG where you live in a massive, fully alive city. You play as a serial killer, and choose your victim, weapon, method, etc. The city has an AI police department that gathers evidence on you and tried to hunt you down. What No Man's Sky was supposed to be, but more. And frequent updates with new stuff. Skyrim but with Pokmon My dreams, when I've been playing too many video games A game where you can go everywhere in the world. Even to your own house and go inside of every building. Obviously so many things stop this from being reality. Google Street view is the closest we have. So GTA Global. 

However if it was actually possible. Terrorists, burglars, kidnappers etc would fully utilise this. Non glitchy larger co-op state of decay A new Bioshock game. Specifically returning to rapture. The things I would do.. My friends and I always joke about a game where you play as a wolf standing on his hind legs in a lab coat. That's about all I've got. I want a hyperreal version of The Sims. Like I fantasize about the eventual VR version of this game. 

It will take place in a fully realized city with millions of independent sims who look just like actual people, and the level of control you will have over the characters in the active family will be absolute, although there will be extremely robust personality and free will systems. 

I actually think this kind of entertainment is inevitable and will lead to weird situations, like people falling in love with their Sims or carefully executing an ideal version of their own life. A dark souls game that takes the best of both dark souls 1 (pve) and dark souls 2 (PvP) with the quality of and overall "we actually finished development" vibe found in Bloodborne A huge VR game taken place in a Cyber-Punk city. You create your own character and pick your own path in life. Basically another reality but in a Cyber-Punk setting. Melee HD WoW + The Sims + Second Life + Sim City + GTA A game like [Spore](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spore_(2008_video_game) but not completely dumbed down with large parts of the game scrapped. I know Thrive is aiming to do something like this, but that certainly won't be completed any time soon, if at all. You know facade? Grace, trip and his painting of Italy? The ai that can (mostly) understand everything your saying? It would be like that only not just the worlds shittiest party with two of your least favorite old "college buddies" who talk about decorating and paintings of Italy no matter what you do. 
Essentially it would be a whole world/variety of situations where I can do and say anything I want and they understand it. A life simulator sort of deal. Little Timmy didn't invite me to his party? Fuck you Timmy. Laura asked you to the dance? Sorry Laura can't make it tonight I'll be up all night banging your dad. Passed up for a promotion at the office? Shove a tack up your dickhole boss man. Then kiss him to assert dominance. 
I'd never get bored. Csgo with perfect hit boxes, 128 tick mm servers, and the big csgo gambling sites back! A Kill la Kill spectacle fighter, made by Platinum games.

That'd be pretty nice, I think.  The source material would mesh really well with that style of game. I haven't played the newer versions. I played the Xbox 360 version. A game in which you play as an alien civilization and your objective is to destroy humanity in the most unimaginable ways I'd like an open world Mario game with gameplay similar to Super Mario 64/Sunshine except all of the worlds are connected and populated by unique NPC characters with dialogue like in the Paper Mario games THPS + GTA In regards to gameplay alone I'd say a clean tie between a game like Space Marine's multiplayer with a melee combat system like For Honor.

I'd settle for the final published version of Kingdom Come though. I just want a game where I can be the tavern owner. I build up my tavern to perfection being the best one in all the land where adventurers come and share a drink and tell a story. One day I have to take up arms to help fight some threat, maybe I have special powers, maybe I don't, I just chill out in the army. Then the story could branch different ways, I could become a pirate to fight some of the bad stuff in the world, continue being in the army, or go back to being a tavern owner. One that doesn't over hype itself. Honestly most games now are WAY over hyped, I'm kind of tired of it. It would need to be made by Rockstar^TM and i'd call it *Rape*. It would be like GTA except you could rape pedestrians, animals, friends and enemies. Rape. 

Imagine the heists. Dark souls + Moba An MMO that is the spiritual successor to Everquest. WoW came along and ripped off EQ almost verbatim, but made everything a lot more simplified and *substantially* less difficult. It also made a metric fuckload of money, which means now every MMO is just a pathetic WoW clone that isn't even as good as WoW (which I didn't care for in the first place).

I don't want an MMO that caters to the xbox crowd. I want a game like EQ, where the journey was just as important as what you were doing. 12 races and 15 classes. Deities that mean something. No fast travel. Ships that cross real oceans in real time, no fast port. Every race having its own language and having to actually learn the other languages if you're on a RP server. Factions that mean something. Mobs that get exponentially more difficult each level, instead of scaling with the players. Lore that's worth learning about. Having to probe NPCs for dialogue options, instead of just clicking the person with the giant ! over their head then spamming for the quest. No quest markers. Losing exp/gear at death and having to run naked to get your body/gear back.

A world that's actually interesting to learn about. A game where if I log in and travel a place and the journey of getting there is it's own satisfying play session. Zones that are worth exploring beyond what quests are in them. Zones with many levels of mobs, so you see people of multiple levels all exping in the same area. Overworld raid bosses in the common exp zones that you need to avoid as a casual player.

Man do I ever want to see that again. Pantheon might be it, but I'll believe it when I see it. A realistic NASCAR game So how was everyones monday?  I'm about to walk into a Thermodynamics midterm... so I'll give y'all and update in about two hours.
 
Edit: Not too bad, but there were only three questions. 60% fine good you good? Good. You? Ah, monday. Another pointless day when I accomplish nothing. Well, I slept until 11am and then read books, drew some things, played around with a website, watched a movie and then drew some more things. It was great! I got to play around with reddit while I worked :) UGGGGGGGGGAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Left my wallet at home so I was freaked out is get pulled over anytime I left the office. Other than that good Emergency root canal  I bought 2 shirts, a toothbrush,some shampoo, 2 iced buns, bread, some general groceries and replacement table mats. Made a lovely chicken dinner and watched a new reality TV show. Argued with the wife about how deaf she is and ate 54.3%  of a Terry's chocolate orange.

Judge for yourself ! Spent all morning fixing the filter pump for the pool, made some plans and reservations for a bike and hike trip to northern Wisconsin next week,  drank too much coffee.  Standard Monday.  No complaints.  Thanks for asking. Had a really interesting lecture about Congenital Heart disorders. Was then surprised with a video of an open heart surgery on a 3 month old baby. 
Then spent the rest of the day gaming. An okay Monday. I cleaned up most of my room. Not that bad. I got the option to take off work on Thursday with no pay from my manager. I thought for 15 mins and was like.. Yo fuck this place..see ya Friday. fuck you What advice would you give to someone that's moving to a new city?  make sure you know the escape routes Get lost, this way you'll make friends. Look up to see if you have any old friends or anyone you know living in the city Just embrace it, don't be afraid to walk around on your own. Strangers are far too occupied with their own business to pay you any serious attention. Avoid naked flames in wooden areas call the welcome wagon. We usually have coupons and loot to give away.
Follow the city and local politicians on social media.

Visit a few times to get a good idea of where you want to live in the city Everytime I have shifted I cities I took a single suitcase with me and rebuilt. Its always more fun this way. [Serious] Why do the new(er) disney channel kids' shows feature ridiculous overacting as if this is the norm? When did this happen and why?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* They have been like that for at least fifteen to twenty years. We were just too young to notice or care It's easier to indoctrinate kids that way. Maybe with the older ones you were younger and just didn't notice I blame Hillary Duff and Raven-Symone. What's a great name for a new alternative rock grunge band?  slimy peters

nibbana

wretched refuse

scabbed

instant coffee deluxe Turd Burgers Stuck in the Past 'reddit lovers' Smiling Politely Nirvana /r/bandnames If I had a good answer, I would keep it to myself Indecent Exposure, and you all have comically large dildos hanging out your zippers Hamburger Leviathan. We came up with that at work. I work at Fuddruckers Erg Effusion - Basically means an unrestrained unit of energy. The Trumpets. Chode Sister Blister Chalks Her Vomit Darkness Boaty McBoatface [Serious] What do you wish you hadn't been told, by someone who thought they were doing you a favour?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* "You're not fat, you're just heavy build like your father, you have a slow metabolism" etc. Check out my recent posts and you'll find I just hit a weight loss marker. My parents told me this 24/7 along with extended family. Really fucks with a kids head. To answer my own topic, I guess I'd say being told I have Asperger's syndrome when I was very little. Like obviously I had to be told at some point, and I guess my parents thought that being told young would normalize it for me, but I think growing up with the knowledge that I'm identifiably unlike - and 'worse' than - everyone else really fucked with my self-esteem at a fundamental level. "Jimmy Savile is in dressing room 6 if you want to pop in and get his autograph". Everything happens for a reason. 
The Bible says to honor thy mother and father.

Said to me when I was opening up to my church leaders about my dad abusing me and how if he showed up there I would be really uncomfortable and need to leave. I was 11-12 years old.

I completely lost my faith in the church, the church community, and eventually lost my faith in the religion all together. If you could sell your youth how much would 1 year be?  Depends, can I choose the year? Cuz some years really really fucking sucked and I'd fire sale them pretty cheap $25k free 3000 Bitcoins. My teenage years? I couldn't even give them away. I'd have to pay people a fortune to take them. If I am selling years of my life I am asking a minimum of 100k, and thats mate rates. If its not a friend a cool million thanks. Lefties of reddit, what do us unwashed masses not understand about your struggles?  Defending our castles is a real pain, especially the spiral staircases. I get ink all over my fucking hand when I write in pen. The side by side seating elbow joust.

Bonus: If you get in a fight, you usually strike 1st. Literally everything is made for right handers. Even small things, like, take a pencil and put it in your left hand, the words are upside down, but put it in your right and they're right side up. If you wanted to fuck me up you would chop off my left hand but I masturbate with my right so HA Everything was built 2 inches to the right so we have problems running into things Wet ink or pencil on your hand from writing left to right. Spiral. Fucking. Notebooks. Oh, yes, because I TOTALLY wanted that metal indentation in between my hand and my wrist bone. Bolt action rifles are a bitch to use. Toilet paper is almost always on the right. They don't seem to understand that there are a few perfect people in the world...and all the rest are right handed. The struggle as to whether to put my child in for Eaton or Harrow and the bigger struggle of how to hide the fact that I am a FUCKING HYPOCRITE ! Instruments...learning to play piano felt backwards since my right hand is playing the melody. On trumpet I have to use my right hand to use the valves. I mean, I can probably get a trumpet that's made for someone left-handed...but I've been playing the damned thing right-handed since 4th grade! Who would you do for $10 million dollars?  Rob Kim Kardashian Who wouldn't I do? Fat Bastard I can't think of a single person I wouldn't do for $10 million... The redditor below me. This is the new makeout move thread lmao. It seems we've proven that reddit cannot read [deleted] Two women at the same time! My mom Whoever I had to. Pretty much anyone who's clear of STDs. Elsa Hosk Mama June Fuck Rosey Odonnel Magic Johnson. Two chicks at the same time. Probably anything that doesn't involve murder, me raping anyone else, or prison for greater than 6 months (because fuck prison). Who do ya got? Lindsey Lohan When people ask questions like this they expect that amount of money to make me push my comfort zone. Fuck no, still would only do who I normally would for 10mil. Kate Upton your mother Man is only as good as the other mans word. Blow a homeless man. Most anything that's legal and moral. So I guess that rules out a lot of stuff. I just know that if I lose my integrity to get any amount of money, I would never stop regretting it. Lick a bum hole Anything. I think you mean what would I not do Donald Trump. Anyone. Unless I could get a disease from them, fuck that. as little as possible I would watch "The Last Airbender" every night before bed for ten years straight Kidnap a small child. Definitely. Or a big child. 
Actually, screw it. I'd kidnap anyone. undress Nothing that would result in death, permanent injury or disability, and nothing that runs the risk of significant jail time. Other than that, off the top of my head, I think I'd be down for anything.  

I mean I'd like to say I have higher morals, but $10M is a big big payday, and I think if the actual stack of money was put in front of me I'd happily forget my standards. Run on stage at the next presidential debate and start furiously masturbating. With $10M I would probably be able to hire the equipment & crew used to disintegrate large buildings and turn them into dust for a small project I have in mind over in Italy. Put 15million in cash in front of me and toss an idea out there and I probably won't disagree. I wouldn't murder any one...maybe...? [deleted] OPs mom Why does Timmy always die?  Timmy a lil bitch It's been like that [since the dawn of time](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MM1S27fPUQY). Timmy has no immunity Because Lassie bit the mailman and got hauled off to the pound where she got the needle.  Timmy's mom then got sued by the mailman for his injuries, and she had to give Timmy's food budget to the lawyer in the settlement.  With no food, Timmy croaked it. Because Skippy the Kangaroo took so long trying to tell the ranger that Timmy had fallen down the well, by the time the ranger figured it out, Timmy had already drowned. Because Lassie was a bitch. Who has experienced the classic movie clich where someone only hears half a conversation and totally misinterprets its meaning?  Many of the threads here seem to rotate on a weekly basis. What common question on this subreddit annoys you the most?  I don't mind the questions that present the opportunity for users to post funny or interesting stories that are always new and different. It's the restless circlejerks that piss me off the most I've been seeing the word cringe a lot. And also The what do you want to get off your chest Question the past week. You purchase a laptop via a Craigslist ad, and it turns out to be stolen. The laptop displays the rightful owner's contact information, what do you do?  I post an askreddit thread asking what to do. Call the cops and hope the way you contacted the seller wasn't a burner phone. Contact (in this order), my lawyer, then the police (provide them in the information of the person that sold me the laptop, and details of the purchase) and then the rightful owner of the laptop. Get a refund, then return it to the owner. Return the laptop and inform the police. Remind self not to buy laptops on craigslist anymore. look thru it for porn or tax returns or other interesting stuff. then [dban](http://www.dban.org/) it. Plot twist OP actually got his laptop stolen and he's looking for the culprit! I purchased a MacBook. Turns out it was stolen. It's so nice. I really want to keep it. But if my computer was stolen, I would want someone to return it. It would put me $800 in the hole. How can I get my money back? I can't reach the culprit. The guy has probably been dead for 200 years so no one here gives a shit. If all children of unwed parents in your area were given a surname based on your region GoT style, what would that name be?  Basketball. Tay. 

It's the closest major river where I live. Woods, maybe Apple. Maybe Trinity or Red, closest rivers to Dallas/Fort Worth. I'd say Driftless. Grew up in western Wisconsin. Could also be Bluff. In north-west England; Rain. Surf; southern california Edinburgh: Radge or Reekie. The former is a Scots word with a bunch of meanings, of which 'goodfornothing ne'erdowell' might be the best translation. 'Auld Reekie',  meaning 'old smelly' could be second. 

If you wanted to keep the weather/geography thing from GoT, then maybe one of the many Scots words for bad weather. 'Smirr' or 'Driech' come to mind. Reddit: Who is the real life epitome of the "comic book guy" that you know... or have stumbled across?  My husband and I used to go to a comic book store that was run by a guy that basically embodied Comic Book Guy. The store got closed down and now he works at the grocery store we frequent. Pet owners of reddit, what abnormal thing triggers your pet?  Pretending to be a zombie.  My dog freaks out. last week someone put a small memorial with a couple balloons on the side of the road in the middle of me and my dogs normal walk.  shes petrified of it.  i think its because the first time we saw it it was just a silhouette in the dark moving around and she couldnt tell what it was.. but now, even in broad daylight, she scampers back when we start to get close to it and tries to run away from it/around it.  shes well trained and otherwise always walks in perfect heel, but those silly balloons make her act like she sees a ghost My miniature shnauzer thinks people on bicycles are aliens. Very threatening aliens. My cat was terrified of those giant Sports Direct mugs The FUCKING **SECOND** I wake up my parrot goes bezerk until I turn the TV on for him. The vacuum cleaner with the hardwood floor attachment drives my chihuahua-bichon mix absolutely nuts.  He goes after it like it there was a pork chop at the end of the hose. Shadows. Marks on the carpet. Birds. Pens. Cutlery. Putting spices or salt into the pan when you're cooking. Cameras. Guitars. Paper. Not getting attention. 

...she's a bit dysfunctional. When my dogs outside my kitchen window, and I slide my finger across the window making a squeaky noise. He goes batshit crazy and screams at me. Cops of Reddit, what happened when you pulled over someone you knew?  It's never happened to me. Granted I've only worked in fairly populous areas, so it's not likely. I would imagine that if I did however, given how much oversight and record keeping that takes place, I would request another officer come take over the call. Even if nothing shady happens, even looking like something shady might have happened is enough to destroy my career. No thanks. Fucked her right in the pussy I'm not a cop, but I know someone who has been arrested by a cop they knew. He gave her advice for when they interrogated her. What is the most complex, human built, mechanical (non-electric) machine of all time?  toasters. My guess would be, mechanical calculators. A watch Car What is a song that consistently makes you cry?  the funeral My Little Girl by Tim McGraw 

My dad passed away and I danced with him at my wedding reception to this song. Its a beautiful song and never fails to make me get a little weepy eyed. "On my own" from Les Misrables  (specifically Lea Solonga's version) Concrete Angel by Martina McBride. Andrea Bocelli and Sarah Brightman - Time to Say Goodbye. [Routine by Steven Wilson](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sh5mWzKlhQY) Skin by Sixx:AM "Beautiful Child" by Fleetwood Mac. It's Quiet Uptown from Hamilton "You Raise Me Up" by Josh Groban

I've heard this song get played numerous times at different viewings and it always makes me think of the times when I was uplifted by the person who has just passed away. The song from The Fox and the Hound that plays during the scene where she lets Todd back into the wild. Tears my heart apart. Fix you - Coldplay. However, is one of my favourite songs too. 'Battle Cry' by Angel Haze Everything Everything - The House Is Dust. Almost physically impossible for me to be happy if that is playing. A great sad song though. Mi Mancherai, by Josh Groban with Joshua Bell and Heal, by Tom Odell. What's your must watch scary movie for October?  Every October I have a handful of movies I always watch. 

- The original Halloween
- Friday the 13th Part I and II. 
- Trick R Treat
- The Blair Witch Project
- The Thing (Carpenter version)
- Hocus Pocus
- Sleepy Hallow
- The Halloween Tree Grave encounters. Kinda cheesy at first but I enjoyed it. I'd recommend It Follows. It's less of the bombastic horror that is most of Hollywood's output these days. It's chilling, vrit, clever and nicely pays homage to films such as Nightmare on Elm Street. Like all the best films in this genre, it will linger with you.

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3235888/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 For myself, it has become Trick r Treat.  But also because I have a 6-year-old, the old "Disney's Halloween Treat" from old school Disney Channel. Sinister The witch.
Would thou like to live deliciously. The Shining miniseries. Halloweentown :) American Werewolf in London The Fog (1981)

Madman (1981/82)

Nosferatu (1927)

Night of the living dead (1968)

Dawn of the dead (1978)

The changeling (1980) Hocus Pocus for when you're watching with your friends who get spooked easily, classics like The Shining and Nightmare on Elm Street for when you're alone in a dark room at three in the morning and want to scare the living daylights out of yourself. Ernest Scared Stupid. I don't watch scary movies in october specifically. How did YOU react to Michael Che's Bill Cosby joke on SNL and how would YOU have reacted if Colin Jost said it instead?  Context? I didn't react to it, mostly because it wasn't that funny. Neither text nor video link? [Serious]Urban explorers of Reddit, what's the creepiest thing you've ever found?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Last summer I was tripping with my friends. It was around 2am and we decided to go on a walk. 30 minutes into the walk we found a dilapidated house. Upon walking into the house we noticed a weird smell. Being the smart man I am, I wanted to check out the rest of the house. When we walked into the kitchen we saw a man smoking meth on the floor by the sink. Didn't stay long after that, pretty damn scary experience for me. What have you done (saved/fixed) at work that made you a God for a day?  Let them out early The internet Resuscitated an unconscious child... I'm a Lifeguard 9/11 correct sounds way better than 82%...what other numbers or fractions are misleading?  18/22 1% sounds better than 1/100 Most can be misleading if you are not careful. There is often some vested interest rtying to subvert your thinking by using numbers, % , and so on. Try to be aware of it. Waiting for someone's jet fuel + steel beams comment. 5/7 Which item defines your childhood?  A Game Boy Color. Pokemon cards My beloved tamagotchi. Band aids Yugioh cards All steel playgrounds. A baseball bat Nintendo DS A neon green and purple Mac-11 with an orange muzzle that shot yellow rubber bullets. Also a pink and blue mp5k water gun I had. Atari NES Redditors, what's the most dangerous type of multitasking while driving that you've seen?  Texting & driving, smoking a cigarette, while changing the radio.... Smoking, texting, popping a zit and warming his hands. "Hey man, are you too busy to drive?" Smoking a blunt, playing bike racer on iPhone, going around a corner going 70 turning with knees. Saw a woman sawing her dreads off with a utility razor knife while driving. My brother has a standard car and he pours himself a bowl of cereal with milk every morning on his drive to work... so dangerous! Saw a women doing a crossword puzzle, in I-95 through Miami.  

Got passed by two guys speaking American Sign Language on I-64 in Norfolk.  Maybe I'm off on this one, but it sure struck me as a shaky thing to do.  What with having to look at the passenger and all. If you could punch any historical figure living or dead, who would it be and why?  None. I am a pacifist. Jim the peasant 1476-1521 Thomas Edison for killing that elephant. I'd kick Hillary Clinton in the balls. Hitler, not punch, kill. I'd punch Jefferson David right in his ugly, racist head. Why? Because Jefferson Davis. George Osborne. He's just got such a horrible face. Those of you who packed up and flew to be with someone you loved, what's your story?  I mean I drove...

I was working a job I hated in a state I hated. My then-boyfriend/now-husband was working a job he loved in a state we both loved. So I quit, packed up my shit, moved in with him, and went to grad school.

So far 10/10, would do again in a heartbeat. [Serious] What's your number one tip for waking up and actually getting out of bed in the morning?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Having ten alarms set at 2 minute increments so snooze doesn't work. "That dog better not be pissing on the carpet!", followed by getting up to let the dog outside.

(She wakes up & starts trotting around when my alarm goes off.) If you really don't feel like leaving your bed just jet, try keeping your eyes open. It's not as easy as it sounds but much easier than leaving bed, and once you keep them open for a while waking up is no problem.

Use smartphone application that monitors your sleep, and wakes up at the right time.

There's a trick with drinking water before sleep. It makes you want to pee in the morning forcing you to get up. You have to be careful though  drink too much and you might wake up too early or get "kind of want to pee" feeling before you fall asleep.

Only use bed for sleep and sex. No playing with smartphone in bed. So when you go to bed your brain knows it's time for sleep  making it easier to fall asleep. You sleep better which makes it easier to wake up.

credits: /u/gurtos I set my alarm an hour earlier then stay in bed.

I finally feel like getting up at the correct time. Getting to bed earlier! Just get enough sleep and you will wake up and find yourself motivated to start the day. Seriously, just do it! No snooze button.  Set the alarm, and when it goes off, get out of bed.  Feel free to grumble or say some impolite words expressing your thoughts on the situation, but DO NOT GO BACK TO BED.
    
   
Honestly, it's like ripping the bandaid off in one go, rather than slowly peeling it off, pulling one... hair... at... a... time... and prolonging the torture.
    
   
   
(Besides, allowing yourself to use the snooze button - or several alarms - just trains you to allow yourself to not get up.) Drink a lot of fluids before bed. That way once your alarm wakes you up your bladder will wake up too. Then you have to go the loo. And nothing wakes you up more than a morning piss if you struggle with not going back to sleep. If you go to sleep 8 hours before you have to get up, you won't even need an alarm clock (assuming you didn't drink alcohol or take a sleeping pill). Take a hit of crack. Finding someone that makes you wanna get out of bed whether to just chat or be with, before that like shit man i wasn't getting up. Grow up, behave like an adult and stop being so fucking lazy. I dont understand what is so hard about getting out of bed early. If you want to, do it What is the saddest story you have ever heard?  I was at the aquarium and reading about whales that sing at different frequencies than other whales... so they can't hear them.  They can go their whole lives thinking they are the only whales alive.

That actually made me sad for the rest of the day. "For sale: Baby shoes, never worn." This election What's the weirdest way your SO has displayed their affections for you?  She nibbles and licks my ear Before my ex would leave my house, I would jokingly have her kiss my penis goodbye. I just sent my husband a text saying I like him more than junk food. He audibly aww'd. Although I guess he would say my weirdest display of affection is when I put on a mask and chase him around saying creepy things in a gutteral voice. [Serious] What qualities do people have that make them easy to talk to?  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* People who *listen* are easiest to talk to.

Too many people are just waiting for their turn to talk. Also people who ask questions and allow people to talk about themselves. They don't relate everything you say back to something about them, and don't one-up your problems or concerns. Don't come off as judgmental. 

Ive found that most people do the best they can within their circumstances. We are all human and everybody gotta handle shit the way that makes the most sense at the time. 

I've lived and experienced too much life in my short time and, at times, I used less than stellar coping mechanisms. But I had to do whatever made sense at the time. We have to live and grow and experience life the best way we can manage as it's being thrown at us. 

You never know what a person is enduring and it's best to just show compassion. Especially when they feel comfortable enough to open up and tell their story.

TLDR: don't be a judgmental prick because mostly humans are handling shit the best way they know how. When will Reddit get rid of downvotes?  Why would reddit get rid of downvotes? hopefully never. why would anyone want that? When Facebook buys it. 12th of never The second Tuesday of next week. never How many people ever plagiarized while in university?  Not me. I don't want to be expelled Many, many people. Past freshman year I doubt it's many people. No one wants people to plagiarize in college. You shouldn't because you won't learn the material and are risking your degree (and a lot of money) on it. Your classmates don't want you to because it devalues their degree. The university doesn't want you to for obvious reasons. 
 
That's at least my experience in engineering. Generally estimated to be between 2% and 8%. How have you made friends when moving to a new city?  Tinder Honestly just be yourself. And those who like your personality will gravitate to you. It also helps to approach people Yeah I got pretty decent at this moving around for a few years.  I'll assume you're single and in your early to mid-twenties.

1) If you have cool co-workers, try to hang with them every now and then.  They might introduce you to other people or groups that you wouldn't have found otherwise.

2) Be friendly with your neighbors.   Myself and some other people I know became pretty good friends with their neighbors after finding out they had some common interest. 

3) Co-ed sports leagues.  Usually the team goes out for a drink after the game.

4) Online dating.  I was locked down with my SO before tinder was a thing... but I did use Match and OKC when I was single to meet girls. How and at what age did you get into your first fight?  Making it through the birth canal was my first fight Argument over a football team. I was 14 I think , it was in the middle of class and I grabbed the kid and put his head in a cabinet and slammed the door on him. Not my proudest moment. He was a dick though. I'm in my mid 20s and I've never been in any physical fight. I can't be 
the only one!

Edit: word and word 5th grade. We were playing football and one kid kept getting beat on almost every play. He decided to take it out on me because I was the QB on the other team beating him. My father had always taught me not to start a fight, but if someone hit me, not to back down. 1st grade. A boy picked a fight with me on the playground. Still don't know why. What movie/tv series' Blooper and Gag Reels are great to watch?  Star Trek Next Generation

Worf drops so many F-bombs when he fucks up. Any of Chris Pratt's Parks and Rec bloopers or deleted scenes. He has such brilliant comic timing. What's something people have gotten used to doing, but is actually really annoying and tedious?  Peeling the little goddamned stickers off our fruit. Clicking out of ads on my phone Taking a wire out of a big mesh of wires For women, makeup! It's a hobby of mine and I enjoy it, but i wish that I was just able to wear it when I want to do an interesting look, rather than having to spend time applying it every day just to meet expectations. Breathing...

No seriously. Try breathing manually. Living Taking twist ties off of bread.

Can't we come up with better? Ringing call centres. What is the most embarrassing job you've ever had?  Chick Fil A cow Wearing a giant Bible sandwich board outfit Hot Topic. What's the most stupid shit you've heard a high-schooler say?  swag Someone at my school said he was programming a game, and THIS was his method:

Write in a text file something like "so i want a third person shooter with awesome visuals and like good gameplay with assassins creed stuff"

saved it as game.code

tried to open

*he actually thought thats how games were made* Communism works. After being caught skipping weeks of classes my brother stated that "people shouldn't be forced to do things they don't like." he has a lot to learn about life "I know I should do my own research, but I really prefer to just go with what ever my dad believes politically" "He just put the tip in, I am still a virgin" At a party. This dude that I knew drove there was pouring n pounding shots. I said "hey man you sure you wanna keep drinking? You drove right?" His stupid shit response was "I'm Irish. I can handle it." I walked away." It is dark at night because the sun is behind the moon. "The Earth could be flat, who really knows?" in the grocery store "Mom I am 15 now, I can make my own decisions. I know what I'm doing" Which kind of person can fuck right off?  My step dad Todd. 
If ur reading this then fuck u Todd your not even my real dad Any kind of "because the Bible says so" person. People who ask "you know that [XYZ], right?" questions to me when they've *NEVER TOLD ME HOW TO DO THAT THING* before. I had a manager that used to do that shit all the time. How the *fuck* would I know how to do it, if you've never told me?! I see this shit all the time: "You know that [some obscure fact], right?" on reddit all over the place. No, of course they don't know- YOU'RE TELLING THEM FOR THE FIRST TIME. Drives me fucking nuts. It's so condescending and shitty, but it's now pretty commonly accepted as a normal thing to say. Fuck that. Fascists Groups of teenagers who all walk side by side and take up the entire sidewalk People who leave shopping carts in the middle of the parking lot, people who litter, people who are rude to wait staff, janitors, the elderly, or just rude in general, criminals, arabs. people from new jersey The one on the runway with those little paddles. OP People who walk into a diner and shout the order they want without even sitting down. Like can I get ready first? Idiots that fantasize about communism ever working while deriding the "fascists" that they somehow cannot ever define...yet insist on supporting and voting for. People who think you want to harm them when you simply try to help. Too many cannot cope with constructive criticism and get offended easily because of that. Anybody that doesn't use their turn signals. People who start yelling when you tell them they're wrong. People who harass you about stuff you're NEVER going to do. SO annoying. -_- Communists. What's your thoughts on flashmobs?  Psychical cringe I think it is pretty fun The more the merrier. Like to see a few on the sea as well as the land. I thought it was cool the first time someone did it, basically since it showed how interconnected we are by technology.  Then it just became the obnoxious and annoying trendy thing to do.

Neat, that's something we couldn't have done even a generation ago...now stop doing it. Depends on what it is, but majority of the time I think they're cool I think any self respecting mob should be carrying pitchforks What movie do you love that most hate?  Behind enemy lines . Idk I'm not too sure but my friends hated it I like age of ultron and iron man 3. Mine is Vanilla Sky. Guess all my friends and family are idiots for not understanding that movie. They all claim that it didn't make sense. Did you even pay attention? Ken Park The Panic in Needle Park. BvS 
